[1] "  Graham Booth (IND/DEM). – Mr President, I agree with Mr Pęk. Many eminent scientists from around the world signed the Manhattan Declaration on 4 March this year. Amongst other things, it states that ‘there is no convincing evidence that CO2 emissions from modern industrial activity has in the past, is now, or will in the future, cause catastrophic climate change’. Last week, another 31 000 scientists endorsed that view in the Oregon Petition.\n\nThis is no longer the odd dissenting voice, and Nigel Lawson, a member of the House of Lords Committee on Climate Change, also agrees that the debate is not over. Before we commit ourselves to enormous costs by way of climate taxes, carbon trading etc. at the very time when we are being warned of a likely global economic recession, we must listen to both sides of the debate and make absolutely sure who is right."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
  [2] "  Graham Booth (IND/DEM). – Mr President, the EU is proud of its commitment to the IPCC’s recommendations on how to combat global warming by persuading its Member States to inject massive funding into carbon-emission control projects. But have you backed the wrong horse?\n\nLast month many eminent scientists and climatologists from around the world met in New York and after two days of serious discussions issued the Manhattan Declaration, which states categorically that there is no convincing evidence that CO2 emissions from modern industrial activity have in the past, are now, or will in the future cause catastrophic climate change; and that adaptation, as needed, is massively more cost-effective than any attempted mitigation. They recommend that world leaders reject the views expressed by the United Nations IPCC, as well as popular but misguided works such as An Inconvenient Truth, and that all taxes, regulations and other interventions intended to reduce emissions of CO2 be abandoned forthwith.\n\nFinally, Lord Lawson, who is a member of the House of Lords Select Committee on Climate Change, says this: ‘The average temperature in Helsinki is less than 5°C. In Singapore it is in excess of 27°C – a difference of 22°. If humans can successfully cope with that, it is not immediately apparent why they should not be able to adapt to a change of some 3° when they are given 100 years in which to do so.’\n\nI recommend that you take advice given in the Manhattan Declaration."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
  [3] "  Graham Booth (IND/DEM). – Madam President, nowadays, when the subject of climate change crops up, it is usually described as ‘global warming’. Is this deliberate? The only solution being put forward is to cut greenhouse gas emissions – that is, carbon dioxide – dramatically, because it is claimed that a 30% reduction will reduce the average temperature of the earth by 2° by 2020.\n\nSuch an assertion is quite amazing when no reference to the effect the sun will have had over that period is taken into account, but, for the sake of this exercise, let us suppose that the so-called ‘taxpayer-funded experts’ are right. Climate change is precisely that: climate changes all the time. So, what if earth’s climate decides to cool down instead of warm up? Will it then be suggested that we must produce much more carbon dioxide to try and offset the cooling? Of course not. They are so committed to their present ‘global warming’ prediction, that that would not be an option, but, sadly, it looks as if that is what is happening.\n\nFor the last nine years since 1998, global temperature on earth has remained the same. For the past decade the world has not warmed. Global warming has stopped. That is not a viewpoint or a sceptic’s inaccuracy, it is an observational fact. It is also a scientific fact that far more people die from being too cold than from being too warm.\n\nSo, to sum up, if global warming has been just a temporary blip, and we are now heading relentlessly for the next ice age, any reductions in CO2 emissions will have precisely the opposite asserted effect to that which is intended. In the billions of years of earth’s existence, a very brief pause to check the facts is surely not too much to ask."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  [4] "  Graham Booth, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. – Madam President, Al Gore claims that the debate on global warming is over and that it has been proved beyond doubt that human activity is responsible for this.\n\nI suggested recently in committee that the sun’s enormous influence on the earth’s climate over millions of years could not be ignored in this debate, and that the sequence of long ice ages, interspersed with short interglacial periods, was the most likely explanation. I received a very hostile reception.\n\nHowever, the chairman, Mr Markov, insisted that it was not appropriate to urge excision of a view that happened to conflict with current orthodoxy. Let us remember that, when Galileo declared in the 17th century that the earth revolved around the sun, he was threatened with torture by the Catholic Church for daring to contradict the accepted fact that the earth was at the centre of the universe. It took the church until 1992 to agree that Galileo had been right.\n\nThe only CO2 at issue in the global warming debate is the trivial amount produced by burning fossil fuels. That comparatively small amount is the only modern and unusual addition to the vast quantities constantly being produced by all living things and all decaying organic matter, and through volcanic activity.\n\nBefore we risk ruining the world’s economies with carbon emission taxes and the like, please let us reopen the debate and make absolutely sure who is right."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  [5] "  Sylwester Chruszcz (NI). – (PL) Mr President, under the guise of noble environmental protection objectives, the richest states and companies are forcing through a climate change package which will hit the less well-off European Union states. In the context of a world crisis, mining and power generation in countries including Poland are being attacked, at the expense of inhibiting economic growth and causing mass redundancies. I too support reducing carbon emissions in Europe and in the world, but not at any price.\n\nWe cannot close coal-fired power stations or coal mines overnight. It is not too late to work out a wise compromise acceptable to all states. But such a compromise will become possible only if the special features of national economies are taken into account. Otherwise we will be facing a situation of diktat and injustice, and we should not consent to that."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
  [6] "  Philip Claeys (NI). - (NL) Mr President, whilst I support the gist of the objectives, particularly as regards the climate change plan, to wit the objective of reducing CO2 emissions and dependence on energy imports from outside the European Union, I am also convinced that more realism is called for in the specific objectives that are being put forward. The key standard for determining the share of renewable energy is the Member States’ gross domestic product and not the natural potential to produce this renewable energy.\n\nFlanders, future Member State of the European Union, is put at a disadvantage on this score. With its very limited coastline, non-existing potential for storage reservoirs, little sun, few open spaces, and so on, it is a complete mystery how the share of renewable energy could be increased from barely 2% to 13% by 2020. As such, the way in which the climate plan is to be fleshed out will be an extremely hard nut to crack for both Flemish industry and Flemish consumers, who will also be faced with higher electricity bills, for example."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
  [7] "  Philip Claeys, on behalf of the ITS Group. – (NL) Madam President, it goes without saying that the European Union will need to make a meaningful contribution in order to support the peace process in Kashmir. It is important that the channels of communications between all interested parties are opened, and indeed kept open.\n\nPerhaps I might touch on one of its many aspects, that being the problem of terrorism. It is a fact that many acts of terrorism are committed by groups that either operate from Pakistan, or are supported by it, Lashkar e-Taiba and Hizb ul-Mujahideen being two examples. President Musharraf has on several occasions committed himself to tackling the problem of terrorism, but I am afraid that he has a long way to go yet.\n\nThe same can be said of the extreme Islamism that is promoted on a large scale via the notorious schools called madrassas. If Pakistan does not manage to get this problem under control, the peace process is bound to founder in the longer term. This is why the European Union should no longer content itself with promises from Pakistan; it should also expect concrete action."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  [8] "  Derek Roland Clark (IND/DEM). – Madam President, a mystique bordering on a religious creed has grown up around this alleged global warming. The environmental scientist has had a field day, but the natural world obeys the laws of physics and chemistry, subjects which I taught for 39 years.\n\nThe global warming theory has cast CO2, a natural constituent of the atmosphere, as a demon gas. It does have the effect – slightly – of trapping heat around the world, but how? You need to draw a graph showing how CO2 perhaps causes warming.\n\nIs it an arithmetic graph – I must become technical – where equal rises in CO2 cause equal rises in warming? Is it an exponential graph – a runaway – where CO2 in extra amounts causes an ever-increasing rise in global warming? Or is it a logarithmic graph, where extra amounts of CO2 cause less and less extra warming, eventually becoming a flat line?\n\nI suspected it to be the last, and the Hadley Centre, the UK’s leading authority on this subject, confirmed that it is the last graph. We are nearly on the flat line, if not already there. Extra CO2 will have no more effect. There is no problem."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
  [9] "  Derek Roland Clark (IND/DEM). – Mr President, this issue is surrounded by half-truths and misleading statements which cast doubt over the integrity of the issue and raise more questions than answers. For instance, why, outside this House at any rate, is there continual reference to carbon emissions? Carbon is a black solid; it is soot or graphite or diamonds. They should be talking about carbon dioxide which is, by the way, not a pollutant but a natural constituent of the atmosphere. Why did the director of a UK environment agency tell me they could not link global warming to climate change? If global warming is due to CO2 and the greenhouse effect, as opposed to a variation in solar activity, why was the same director unable to tell me if the greenhouse affect rises in proportion to the extra amount of CO2 or rises greatly for the same amount of CO2 – an exponential – or a lessening increase, meaning a tapering-off graph and a static effect at some time.\n\nWhy does the Stern Report show a hockey stick graph for global warming – a steady rise over 2000 years – when in fact it was warmer in the 14th and 15th centuries than it is now? Why does Friends of the Earth say that incineration of waste to generate electricity produces more CO2 than conventional gas-fired generators when effectively much of the waste is bio-fuel and therefore carbon-neutral? They ignore the fact that landfill waste will produce methane, which is 12 times more potent a greenhouse gas than CO2.\n\nFinally, why does the President of the Commission drive a car which produces 1.6 times more CO2 per kilometre than the average sort of car I drive?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [10] "  Koenraad Dillen (NI). – (NL) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the fight against global warming is not just Europe’s fight: it must become the whole planet’s battle. Otherwise all our great plans will be meaningless and the Europeans alone will make enormous efforts for results that will remain a drop in the ocean.\n\nIn addition, we need to ensure European dynamism today. Again, massive and unattainable goals lie ahead of us. The European summit in March of this year stipulated that greenhouse gas emissions must be down 20% by 2020, with renewable energy meeting 20% of the Union’s demand. However, one of the major questions that remains is, naturally, who will pay for that?\n\nCompanies and consumers would have to cough up about EUR 60 billion a year for the climate plan, which for my country, Belgium, would work out at EUR 2 billion a year, and globally at at least EUR 200per citizen. This not only threatens an enormous tax increase, but is also a factor that threatens to force businesses to move abroad to countries where the environmental restrictions are less stringent.\n\nWe must therefore stick to ‘treating the symptoms’ as long as some of the players on the world stage are not prepared to make the necessary efforts."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [11] "  Giertych (IND/DEM).   (PL) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, climate change is a natural phenomenon. Warmer periods are followed by colder periods. Does human activity have any influence on this phenomenon? I very much doubt it. Experts disagree on the issue, and no convincing evidence has yet been found. Yet there can be no doubt that increased levels of CO2 in the air have a positive impact on plant production, and that any excess carbon in the atmosphere is absorbed effectively by the biosphere, the components of which include forests, humus and the seas.\n\nThere can also be no doubt, however, that CO2 emitted during industrial combustion processes is always accompanied by emissions of other gases that are known to be damaging to the environment, namely to forests, agricultural production, architectural monuments, and above all to human health. All efforts to develop technology aimed at reducing combustion must therefore be duly recognised. In view of the fact that the negative effects of combustion are felt across borders, any costs involved must be shared on the basis of international agreements. The Kyoto Protocol works in a logical fashion in that it transfers the costs involved in reducing combustion from countries that have undertaken efforts to do so to countries that fail to do enough in this respect.\n\nThere always has been climate change, there always will be, and we cannot do much about it. Nonetheless, anthropogenic emissions of gas into the atmosphere do pose a problem which humankind must overcome by working together. This approach deserves our full support, and the move towards renewable sources of energy and energy-saving technologies should be particularly welcome. These are costly endeavours, and without international solidarity no progress will be made in this regard. Yet we should not allow ourselves to be persuaded that greenhouse gas emissions are to blame for every natural disaster and every gale, flood, drought or tsunami. We should keep our feet on the ground and stick to the facts. I thank you."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [12] "  Bruno Gollnisch (NI). – (FR) Mr President, although global warming today appears to be an obvious fact, it is still a good idea to verify the analyses that attribute it almost exclusively to greenhouse gases, something that certain scientists dispute on the grounds that there might be other causes. That being said, if it is proven that greenhouse gases are almost exclusively the cause, environmentalists should ask themselves whether they might not have gone too far in their relentless fight against any form of nuclear power, which undoubtedly presents risks, but which does not emit any greenhouse gases.\n\nAs the Wijkman report proposes, alternative energy sources must be encouraged, particularly solar and geothermal energy. Such heavy restrictions cannot, however, be imposed on European countries alone, when China, the United States and a good many other countries are hugely increasing their CO2 emissions. As for the storage of carbon dioxide, allow me to recommend a natural, efficient and beneficial method, namely reforestation, all the more so because systematic reforestation could be the subject of a wide-ranging international cooperation programme."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [13] "  Gollnisch (NI). – (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I shall confine myself to asking just a few questions about global warming, a subject on which ignorance goes hand in hand with very definite judgments.\n\nFirst question: is it really the case that there is significant and ongoing warming? This now seems to be a solidly established fact, thanks in particular to what has happened to the expanses of ocean or to the great glaciers.\n\nSecond question: does global warming only have negative effects? That is not necessarily the case – in Siberia, for example, where the taiga and the tundra could give way to other landscapes – but it is certainly a different matter when it comes to the terrible progress of desertification in Africa or to meteorological disasters of the El Niño type.\n\nThird question: if a decision is made to combat this phenomenon, is it certain that the phenomenon is basically due to human activity? Instances of warming and glaciation, which cannot be imputed to man, have taken place at least four times during the Quaternary period.\n\nFourth question: if global warming is indeed due to discharges of greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide, into the atmosphere as a result of human beings burning organic fossil fuels, measures certainly need to be taken. Is it, however, worthwhile Western Europe’s making an effort at the cost of its own competitiveness when other powers such as the United States and China – respectively the world’s biggest and second-biggest polluters – wash their hands of the matter, thereby certainly compromising the success of the operation, and this in spite of the encouraging news from a number of US states, passed on to us by the previous speaker?\n\nThis brings me to my fifth and final question: systematic reforestation and the use of renewable or new sources of energy must without doubt be encouraged. However, we have to be realistic. We shall have to wait a long time before these energy sources are sufficient for our needs. In the meantime, should not some thought be given, even from an ecological point of view, to the diversification of energy sources and, in particular, to our having recourse to nuclear energy? Twenty-five years ago, France’s National Front was the first political force legitimately to draw attention to the risks of nuclear energy, a prediction sadly borne out by the Chernobyl disaster. Science moves on, however, and technology can develop. Fusion would be a process using matter that did not leave the waste generated by current processes, which remains dangerous for a long period. While waiting for progress in this area, there may exist, even for use in the fission process, elements such as thorium that present fewer risks than the elements with which we are at present familiar. This is a path upon which science can undoubtedly embark. A considerable effort is required, and it needs to be free from dogmatism of any kind."
 [14] "  Georgios Karatzaferis (IND/DEM). – (EL) Mr President, I wanted us to talk about a very serious issue. I wonder how many women this morning did not spray lacquer on their hair and which of us did not use an underarm spray. In this way, we are helping to create the greenhouse effect. They are simple things which even we overlook.\n\nYou are labouring in vain in your efforts, Mr Dimas, if you do not bring the Americans into the rules. Let me quote you two statistics: the United States emits more pollutants than three-quarters of the members of the UN and the state of New York emits the same pollutants as the whole of Africa. Consequently, whatever we do in Europe, unless we persuade the usual wayward party, by which I mean the United States, to take its responsibility, we shall fail. This is a tragic truth.\n\nWe also need to see what is going to be done by China, as the most highly populated country in the world which alone has one quarter of the world's population. Whatever we do in Europe, we will not achieve results. We have the huge problem of the climate, which knows no borders. We cannot put up barbed wire fences. So we need to convince the Americans if we want to avoid disastrous results. The course which is being traced with mathematical precision is that we shall suffer the same fate as the dinosaurs. We all need to understand that the threat from Bin Laden and terrorism is much smaller than the environmental threat hanging over the Americans. Consequently, if we want to achieve results, we need to bring the Americans into the rules."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [15] "  Urszula Krupa (IND/DEM). – (PL) Madam President, the main aim of environmental protection policies, much like the package of energy and climate policies involving dramatic cuts in greenhouse gas emissions, is to control and change the national economies into what we recognise from past experience as a centrally planned economy. The abstract concept of human influence on our climate is set to restrict development, including the use of fossil fuels, and introduce dangerous CCS technology which, in Poland’s case, will make it difficult to exploit our natural resources, including rich geothermal energy sources.\n\nNow that Poland’s industry has been shut down as part of its efforts to meet European Union requirements, attempts are being made to not only force Poles to emigrate, but also to ensure that those who remain become paupers by imposing the highest energy prices of all of the Member States. One rhetorical question remains: is the main aim of the European Union’s policy to bankrupt my countrymen and wipe Poland from the map of Europe?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [16] "  Urszula Krupa (IND/DEM). – (PL) Madam President, the entire system for the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions is based on unproven hypotheses. It will not improve the environment and conditions for human beings. The purpose of the document became to achieve maximum reduction of carbon dioxide and also to impose CCS (carbon capture and storage) technology. The latter is dangerous and is not justified from an environmental point of view.\n\nWe do not wish to damage the environment by using geological formations as rubbish dumps. This does not make sense. We do not wish either to damage economies that will become less competitive than third countries, thus falling deeper into recession. Our Polish package will cost at least PLN 500 billion. The proposed system for auctioning emission allowances is extremely expensive.\n\nIn addition, as it spreads to further sectors of the Member States’ economies, the emissions trading scheme will prove a useful tool in terms of steering those economies towards assuming the competence of Member States’ authorities in the area of fiscal policy. This will be achieved by gradually phasing out the taxes paid to date and replacing them with environmental taxes determined in an arbitrary manner."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [17] "  Urszula Krupa (IND/DEM). – (PL) Mr President, the imposition of the drastic solutions contained in the energy and climate change package on European Union states which account for only 15% of global carbon emissions will have a destructive impact not only on Poland, but also on Europe and the world.\n\nWhile the old EU states have reduced their carbon emissions by approximately 3%, in Poland, as a result of industrial transformation and the modernisation process, emissions have been reduced by approximately 30%. In spite of this, the European Union demands further reductions, which are supposed to represent implementation of solidarity and burden sharing, but which are certain to lead to the collapse of our industry and to a huge rise in costs.\n\nIn addition, we oppose the CCS Directive recently imposed. This will make it impossible for Poland to use geothermal energy and to achieve the goal of a 20% share of renewable energy. On the contrary, it could become the cause of an environmental disaster, rather than ensuring environmental protection. Releasing carbon dioxide from the earth’s strata can cause the death of living beings as well as tectonic movements and earthquakes."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [18] "  Urszula Krupa (IND/DEM). – (PL) Madam President, numerous research studies have shown that today’s aircraft have little climatic impact, due to low levels of anthropological carbon dioxide and nitrogen oxides in their emissions, plus just a 0.1% effect on cloud formation through contrails, or cirrus clouds. Rising oil prices have significantly reduced the extent to which air carriers are able to raise prices of transport services, which, together with the additional requirement to cover the costs of purchases under the emissions trading scheme, will put a brake on growth in this sector, as well as delaying or even making it impossible to introduce ecological solutions. For this reason it would be sensible to avoid sudden and risky measures in the air transport sector, especially in new Member States, which are only now beginning to catch up. There is no point in restricting air transport without providing a practical alternative, or providing the time necessary for systematic adaptation."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [19] "  Urszula Krupa (IND/DEM).  – (PL) Mr President, I find it hard to lend my approval to a report which contains so few constructive suggestions regarding practical steps that can be taken to prevent climate change, and which also includes no financial analysis. In addition, the Millennium Development Goals and compliance with the recommendations contained in the Kyoto Protocol are insufficient on their own. The latter commits individual governments and companies to a policy of implementing programmes aimed at reducing greenhouse gases and at putting in place emissions trading systems and energy saving regulations.\n\nThe main responsibility for environmental destruction lies with the industrialised countries. The liberal lifestyles they enjoy and the consumer behaviour they promote lie at the root of this disaster, which has unimaginable consequences for health and for the future of the earth in general. Above and beyond the measures to which previous speakers have already referred, equal importance should therefore be attached to changing people’s mindsets and to ensuring that they develop as individuals. This has rightly been described as the move towards a culture of satisfaction, and it reverses the trend towards possession at any price and the unchecked accumulation of goods."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [20] "  Krupa (IND/DEM).   (PL) Mr President, it is, of course, possible for the role played by Europe regarding the long-running issue of global warming to be a major one, but this will only be the case if self-discipline, solidarity and truth prevail over the uncertainties of the legislation in force and over the falsification and manipulation which take place in many fields, including emissions trading.\n\nAlthough it is true that the Kyoto Protocol is an international achievement, which obliged industrialised countries to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions, the negotiated level of reductions of these emissions is a political compromise. It does not reflect the demands made by scientists, who have calculated that carbon dioxide must be reduced by 60% to halt climate change, instead of by 5% or 8%. The EU boasts of these latter figures, yet they have been attained at the expense of countries in which industry was regrettably wiped out as part of preparations for accession. Changes in land use, or in other words forest management, have also been exploited as an instrument of climate policy under the Kyoto Protocol.\n\nYet genuinely reliable knowledge on how much carbon dioxide is absorbed by the planting of trees is still lacking. This knowledge will only be gained after further research. Afforestation plans under the Clean Development Mechanism have therefore been the source of much controversy. Such plans are of course worthy of attention, but as Poles we are opposed to the possibility of Poland being turned into a primeval forest where a rich elite plans to enjoy hunting.\n\nThe burden of counteracting the effects of climate change should be shared fairly, as a function of the extent to which individual countries are responsible for such change. Rich, developed and heavily industrialised countries have derived huge benefits in comparison to developing countries, and are largely to blame for environmental destruction. They are, however, extremely reluctant to enter into financial commitments. This is true of both the USA and EU Member States. Many countries are also beginning to wonder whether the Kyoto commitments are not a hindrance to more rapid transformation, rather than a help. We acknowledge that, despite these shortcomings, it is useful to have agreements in place. More demanding commitments should be entered into, however, with regard to reducing emissions."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [21] "  Andreas Mölzer (NI). - (DE) Mr President, Europe is warming up faster than the global average. Within one decade, as you are aware, the injuries caused by natural disasters have doubled to almost 14 billion annually. We must therefore consider our next steps carefully. This is precisely where we still have problems.\n\nIf we now consider exemptions from emissions trading, it must not be forgotten that energy enterprises have shamelessly charged the consumer for their free certificates in order to generate additional profits for themselves. This must not be allowed to happen again. We do not need any more ill-considered hasty reactions like the green fuel fiasco either. Alleged zero emissions from electric cars are useless if the power comes from coal-fired power stations.\n\nIn my view, however, it is quite ridiculous to extol nuclear energy as environmentally friendly in this situation. If the billions that go up in smoke for this on an annual basis were used for renewable energies, maybe we would not have any energy problems at all any more and we would certainly be a major step further forward in terms of CO2 reduction.\n\nFurthermore, in this connection it must be remembered that in the long term we must encourage the subsidising of public transport and the movement of goods by rail."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [22] "  Andreas Mölzer (NI). – (DE) Madam President, as long as energy-hungry emerging economies and energy-wasting industrialised nations do not turn more of their attention to the environment, all the efforts of the EU will not even suffice to make good the damage those countries have done. I also question the success of certificate trading with its covert development aid, which certainly will not reduce the total volume of emissions but might redistribute it at best. Austria has been the only certificate purchaser to date, spending EUR 280 million on certificates, compared with the mere EUR 20 million it invests annually in renewables. I therefore believe that, instead of using energy concerns as a pretext for accelerating Turkey’s accession to the EU, it would make more sense to rethink the Union’s relations with Russia in the light of the energy situation. The EU has numerous tasks on its energy agenda, not least the long-overdue application of fully developed forms of environment-friendly propulsion and energy technology, the elimination of water wastage, the abolition of support for transcontinental transport operations and increased pressure on the main agents of climate change."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [23] "  Andreas Mölzer (NI). – (DE) Mr President, we know that climate change is dangerous and that it has been triggered not only by worldwide industrialisation and explosive population growth, but also by changes in nature. We also know that there is no stopping it even in the event of an immediate halt to the increase in greenhouse gas concentration.\n\nThe appalling disasters that occurred in 2005 showed us what nature is capable of and may well be no more than the first indications of what we can reckon with happening frequently in the future.\n\nEven though they have sustained enormous damage, the USA and Australia are not prepared to implement the Kyoto Protocol once and for all. Six countries are responsible for almost 50% of worldwide greenhouse gas production, and we must step up the pressure on them to a substantial degree.\n\nWe here in Europe, though, are doing little better than they are if we now go back to singing the praises of nuclear power as an alternative compatible with Kyoto. If we do not soon make a start on at last implementing the environmentally-friendly technologies for propulsion and energy that we have developed, on putting a stop to the squandering of water and on the abolition of subsidies for trans-European transport, then we will be condemning our children, and their children in turn, to life in a permanent state of ecological emergency."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [24] "  Bogdan Pęk (UEN). – (PL) Madam President, I feel as if I am at the inaugural conference of a newly-founded religion, a false religion, teeming with false prophets and ideas.\n\nThe very political powers which are trying to drastically reduce carbon dioxide emissions, a move which has no scientific basis and comes at the price of restricted human development, are the ones responsible for this crisis. The blame for this situation lies with those who, along society’s path towards progress, aim to build a global government which includes the very bodies which will make an enormous profit from carbon trading whilst simultaneously brainwashing the little people with threats of climate change.\n\nWe must create a basis for development in the field of energy. In order to survive and develop, mankind needs new, powerful sources of energy, and Europe needs balance and self-sufficiency in terms of its energy supplies. Do you not understand this? If you create that which has been approved today, you reduce Europe’s chances of competing with the rest of the world."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [25] "  Bogdan Pęk (UEN). – (PL) Mr President, the European Union’s attempt to adopt this development strategy, which assumes that a drastic reduction of carbon emissions generated by human activity will have a significant impact on cyclical climate change, and the attempt to impose such a strategy on the whole world, is the most utopian idea of our time.\n\nI will mention several figures which will fully demonstrate the absurdity of this assumption. For instance, the International Energy Agency maintains that reducing carbon emissions by 50% will have cost the world approximately USD 45 billion by the year 2050, and that this amount of money will reduce temperatures, and I quote, ‘by 0.02 degrees’, that is, by less than the statistical error, which can have no effect on the progress of cyclical climate change. At the same time, it will result in a rapid decline in the development of human civilisation."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [26] "  Bogdan Pęk (UEN). – (PL) Mr President, for some time now I have listened with alarm to pseudo-scientific arguments put forward in the very heart of Europe. I refer to presentations made in this House, from which wisdom based on sound scientific evidence is supposed be disseminated to the entire world. In fact, however, there are just as many scientists who maintain that we are not in a position to influence climate change with the means currently available as there are scientists who maintain that we can do so.\n\nImagine for a minute that the first group is right, ladies and gentlemen. If that is the case and we devote enormous resources to alleged climate change, thus affecting humankind’s well-being, notably in Europe, we shall be condemning the nations of Europe to a steep decline in relation to other nations that will develop faster in the meantime.\n\nI can assure the House that the Chairman of a parliamentary committee only takes account of the opinions of one set of scientists, and if Commissioner Dimas does not refer to all known scientific work on this subject, thus allowing a myth to arise, I shall protest in the strongest terms. I shall do so because action of this sort must be taken only and exclusively on the basis of conclusive scientific evidence."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [27] "  Bogdan Pęk, on behalf of the UEN Group. – (PL) Mr President, climate change really is one of the most serious problems facing mankind in this day and age. Contrary to what people would have us believe, however, mankind cannot make a significant impact on climate change. The latter is part of a natural environmental cycle linked to the activity of the sun, and to changes taking place on the earth’s crust. There is no significant scientific evidence to suggest that drastic cuts in carbon dioxide emissions will make a substantial contribution to reducing climate change. I repeat, Commissioner: there is no scientific evidence to that effect. There is simply the quasi-religion that so much effort is going into establishing. In any case, reductions in carbon dioxide emissions are really only possible in Europe.\n\nIf the situation is as I describe it, and we spend unimaginable sums of money on limiting carbon dioxide emissions, whilst India, China and the United States fail to stand shoulder to shoulder with us, we might as well be throwing those huge sums of money down the drain. That money could be put to many other uses. It could, for instance, serve to provide people right across Europe with clean water. It could also be used to reduce pollution and eliminate toxic gases, oxides, nitrides, sulphides, fluorides and others. Everyone could enjoy clean air and clean water and there would still be money left for other purposes.\n\nI do not believe that climate change will never happen and that there is no need to economise. I do maintain, however, that there are no grounds at all for the approach adopted here, whereby the main problem is the emission of carbon dioxide as the key greenhouse gas and that action by human beings can change, reduce or limit potential climate change. That is simply a myth.\n\nCommissioner, some very serious studies are currently available. There are documents signed by several hundred climate scientists questioning this type of solution. I appeal to the Commissioner, to you, Sir, and to the scientists with whom you are working to consider the matter carefully before taking strategic decisions, as the latter will be very detrimental to the further development of mankind."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [28] "  Bogdan Pęk (UEN). – (PL) Madam President, my remarks are addressed directly to Commissioner Dimas, whom I wish to accuse, at the very least, of incompetence. I am in possession of an open letter sent to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and signed by 100 distinguished scientists from across the world. I would like the Commissioner to study the final paragraph of this letter carefully, and will now quote from it: 'Attempts to prevent global climate change from occurring are ultimately futile, and constitute a tragic misallocation of resources that would better be spent on humanity's real and pressing problems'.\n\nLadies and gentlemen, there are no scientific grounds for us to believe we are in a position to affect the cycle of climate change that is governed by changes in the sun's activity. On the basis of a study of ice samples, scientists have established that this cycle has continued over tens of thousands of years. Allocating hundreds of billions of euro to combating climate change amounts to an attack on human civilisation and common sense. I hereby accuse you of incompetence and...\n\n(The President cut off the speaker)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [29] "  Mirosław Mariusz Piotrowski, on behalf of the UEN Group. – (PL) Climate changes have accompanied the human race throughout history. In the opinion of many eminent scientists, however, man’s influence on these changes is not very great. That opinion is expressed, for example, in the open letter addressed to the UN Secretary General by a hundred scientists from all over the world. The European Commission seems totally unaware of this aspect of the matter, and instead of acting to alleviate factors that contribute to global warming, it is taking up arms against things that have nothing to do with human activity.\n\nThe Commission is now seeking to impose huge costs on the citizens of Europe for an action it has dreamed up from the realm of science fiction – actually, more fiction than science. According to preliminary estimates, each family will pay an average of more than 50 euros a month for this project, whose results may possibly be perceptible in 100 years or so. The real outcome, however, will be a worsening of the economies of the new Member States within the next two to three years. Such a drastic reduction in CO2 emissions will cause a serious slump in Poland, for example, which mainly derives its energy from coal.\n\nIf the European Union institutions want to take a practical approach to CO2 reduction, they should begin with themselves. May I remind you that 20 000 tonnes of carbon dioxide are emitted into the atmosphere every year solely as a result of pointless journeys to sessions in Strasbourg."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [30] "  Bogusław Rogalski (UEN). – (PL) Madam President, it will take a good while yet until the politicians understand that it is not the burning of coal, but solar activity, which causes the phenomenon of climate change. It will take even longer to convince societies, which have been brainwashed by aggressive environmental propaganda, of this truth.\n\nIn view of the fact that the earth’s climate is influenced by events which take place in space, we have to agree that human attempts to influence the climate are doomed to fail. The earth has experienced periods of global warming, and an increase in the concentration of carbon dioxide in the air, on numerous occasions. However, global warming has always started a dozen or so centuries before any increase in carbon dioxide levels. During a period involving dramatic drops in temperature, the cooling of the climate was never prevented by the fact that, at that point, the air contained up to 10%, or more, carbon dioxide, in comparison to today.\n\nIf we acknowledged this fact, mankind would save billions of dollars by giving up pointless activities. The money saved could be spent on the fight against poverty and on new technologies. If we do not know what the deal is, then the deal is money, and emissions trading. Bravo. What a climatic masterstroke."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [31] "  Luca Romagnoli, on behalf of the ITS Group. – (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, there is a fairly common desire in this House, and certainly among the public, to combat climate change. However, allow me to make a remark, which will be useful in highlighting the intellectual honesty that we owe those citizens who are less acquainted with this subject: namely, when we talk about combating climate change, it is worth specifying that we are referring only to the influence that man and his activities have on the environment, an influence that, as has been scientifically proven, is far less significant than that of geophysical and astronomical determinants.\n\nTrue, it is useful to have an energy policy that not only is as environmentally friendly as possible but also guarantees the energy supply that is crucial to our development, something that, in Europe, with all our political independence from non-European countries, has so far been a distant prospect. I obviously agree on the emissions reduction targets, just as I do on the efforts to develop renewable energy sources. All of that is, of course, right, and the idea of encouraging people to use less-polluting vehicles seems to be a good one. Is it not the case, though, that the situation will end up as it has in Italy, where the 2007 budget law favours those who are in a position to buy new vehicles and actually condemns precisely those who are least well-off, who cannot afford to change their vehicles, to a lack of mobility and heavy costs?\n\nFinally, ladies and gentlemen, while I am not being Sinophobic – please believe me when I say that – I would ask once again: is there any sense in all of our unilateral efforts regarding sustainability when, in one year, China and the Asian economic tigers emit as much climate-changing gas into the atmosphere as is produced in ten years by EU countries?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [32] "  Luca Romagnoli (NI). – (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, there is often considerable confusion, as well as demagogy, about the deleterious effects of human activities on the environment: either people deny that we bear any responsibility, or there is a mad rush to declare that we do, so far with the support of scientific arguments that are not universally accepted.\n\nIn any case, we can definitely be more certain that the gases that we are talking about have destructive effects on ozone molecules than we can be about the supposed increase in mean atmospheric temperature, which is blamed on higher carbon dioxide levels.\n\nOverall, therefore, I can support the Doyle report, although there are some points on which I cannot agree. One of these is Amendment 38, which proposes banning fluorocarbons in the semiconductor industry, although this industry so far does not seem to have used them to any great extent, thus adhering to the targets set by the Kyoto protocol. I shall therefore vote against this amendment.\n\nI also harbour some doubts about Amendments 34, 35 and 36, which propose introducing bans on the use of fluorinated gases in professional equipment; I shall abstain on these. I intend to vote for Amendment 45 instead."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [33] "  Luca Romagnoli (NI). – (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I agree that the environment is an inalienable resource that must be managed to its full potential and its continuity must be guaranteed, and it is only right in our opinion and that of the Movimento Fiamma Tricolore, which I represent, that the Union includes this theme as one of its political and strategic priorities.\n\nIt is not possible to enter here into the scientific merits of the theory that our planet is undergoing climate change on a geological time scale – a theory about which researchers are not in agreement – partly because of the limitations of meteorological observations in time and space. On the other hand, it is widely agreed that, since the beginning of the last century, the average increase in the planet’s temperature has been one of the causes of changes to the ecosystem – we only have to mention the increase in desertification by way of example.\n\nAssuming that the rise in temperature is recognised as being, at least in part, attributable to human activity, we agree that application of the Kyoto Protocol on the widest scale is a worthwhile and necessary attempt to limit such effects. I therefore call on the Commission and the Council to do everything possible to encourage absolute compliance with the Protocol within the EU, and to examine every possible means of exerting political and economic pressure on countries that have not adopted said Protocol."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [34] "Text tabled : A6-0406/2008\n\n  Sylwester Chruszcz (NI), in writing. – (PL) Today, I voted against adoption by Parliament of the proposal for a Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2003/87/EC so as to improve and extend the greenhouse gas emission allowance trading system within the Community\n\nI completely disagree with the solutions proposed at European level. The Council’s commitment to reduce, by 2020, the total Community greenhouse gas emissions by at least 20% in comparison with 1990 levels, or even by 30% if other developed countries commit themselves to similar reductions, is an ill-judged move which will have a negative impact on industry and consumers in Europe, including in Poland."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [35] "Text tabled : A6-0496/2007, A6-0369/2008, A6-0406/2008, A6-0411/2008, A6-0414/2008, A6-0419/2008\n\n  Bruno Gollnisch (NI), in writing. – (FR) The energy and climate change package on which we are voting today is supposed to be representative of a transition in terms of energy, the economy and technology.\n\nIndeed, that is what it is. The various measures proposed are going to radically change the energy ‘mix’ of the Member States, lead to a common, even single, energy policy, incur enormous financial costs, weaken the competitiveness of our industries and therefore employment in Europe, increase energy prices for private consumers and businesses, have significant consequences for national budgets, and so on.\n\nOf course, many derogations have been provided for in order to avoid relocations. That, however, is not enough. Against the current backdrop of widespread crisis, which is shaping up to be a long-term one, a general safeguard clause is required to guarantee that the interests of the economy and of European workers take precedence, at least for the time being, over environmental objectives, as necessary. It is also necessary to provide for a general scrutiny of the process if the next international negotiations are not successful, and particularly if the United States and the large emerging countries do not commit to the same proportions since, in that case, the economic suicide of Europe, which only emits 15% of ‘artificial’ greenhouse gases worldwide, would be for absolutely nothing."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [36] "Text tabled : A6-0136/2008\n\n  Bruno Gollnisch (NI), in writing. – (FR) In the 1960s, having agreed the benefits of planning, the French Parliament voted a growth rate for the economy every year with a view to taking its decisions on that basis, since it turned out for several years in succession that actual growth was exactly as it had voted. I get the same impression from reading Mr Florenz’s report: the impression that this Parliament intends to vote on the world’s temperature.\n\nLet me make this clear: what I am criticising is not man’s need to protect his environment, to preserve the immense diversity of nature or, in terms of economics, to find the means to use natural resources better in order to save them. It is the ritual sacrifice to the new religion of climate and its new gurus, these partially-minded scientists who pour anathema on all those whose work opposes their untouchable conclusions.\n\nIt is the systematic stigmatisation of Man as a supposedly evil entity, especially the Western and European variety. This is institutionalised repentance. It is the industrial and economic suicide of Europe, alone at the altar of so-called global warming, with no benefit to the environment worldwide, but the worst human and social consequences for the peoples of Europe. That is why I voted against this report."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [37] "Text tabled : A6-0414/2008\n\n  Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing. − (DE) The promotion of new technologies to store the carbon dioxide implicated in climate change must not be at the expense of well-established technologies that have been proven to work. For example, intact bogs absorb carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide, whereas peat cutting and bog drainage turn them into powerful greenhouse gas emitters. Burning off tropical forests to produce biofuels also tilts the climate balance in the wrong direction.\n\nWe should draw the lesson from the biofuel adventure that good intentions can all too easily become own goals. The new technologies are far from mature, and the repercussions are unforeseeable. It is for that reason that I abstained from voting in today’s vote."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [38] "Text tabled : A6-0496/2007\n\n  Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing. − (DE) In our efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, we are subsidising the purchase of tropical biofuels. Thus we are meeting our Kyoto obligations only superficially and, in reality, making the problem worse. Considering that, according to studies, up to 46% of the living carbon in the world is absorbed by the tropical forests and 25% of total carbon emissions originate from deforestation, the EU has got its calculations all wrong.\n\nIn the whole discussion on carbon dioxide emissions, we have lost sight of the overall picture, as the greenhouse gas emissions from wood burning, for example, must also be borne in mind. In addition, it does not seem to have been fully clarified as yet to what extent current engine systems are suited to the use of biofuels. The whole system is half-baked, which is why I abstained from voting on this report."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [39] "Text tabled : A6-0136/2008\n\n  Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing. − (DE) When we here in Europe invest in the latest environmentally friendly technology and in renewable energy, at however great an expense, while a country like China has a new coal-fired power station coming on stream every week, our best efforts here can only be a drop in the ocean.\n\nWe have a ludicrous situation in which those nations that accelerate climate change through unbridled industrialisation and overexploitation of natural resources and which are not prepared to exercise restraint expect the West, and particularly Europe, to help them out when they are hit by disasters. We are supposed to protect the environment, often to the detriment of our industry and our import trade, and then even provide the polluters with humanitarian aid in the event of a disaster.\n\nUnless we are all content with a global situation in which any hope of improvement will always be a pipe dream, we must sharply increase the pressure on those six countries that are responsible for almost 50% of global greenhouse gas emissions."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [40] "Text tabled : A6-0495/2008\n\n  Bogdan Pęk (UEN). – (PL) Madam President, I would also like to speak on the subject of this directive. I voted against the directive, as I am utterly convinced that it is extremely dangerous and poses a threat to Europe’s development. It combines the obvious issue of the need to sensibly protect the environment with an utterly hypocritical idea, namely that humans can influence the cyclical changes in our climate.\n\nIt is precisely this part, that is, the issue of reducing carbon dioxide emissions, that makes up the most important section of this document. The enormous sums of money, estimated at hundreds of billions, that are to be spent on this objective, will be utterly wasted, when they could be used to create real environmental and energy security in the European Union instead. This is a very poor and tragically unfortunate solution."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [41] "Text tabled : A6-0406/2008\n\n  Bogdan Pęk (UEN). – (PL) Mr President, I voted against this Directive, as I believe that it is one of the greatest frauds in the history of mankind. It is a ridiculous decision, based on completely falsified data, with no rational scientific basis, and which will cost at least a billion dollars in the European Union alone.\n\nThis money, rather than being spent in a stupid, even idiotic manner, could be used as part of the real fight to achieve a clean, decent environment and clean, dust-free air, as well as getting rid of poisonous gases and ensuring clean water supplies, something that Europe lacks and which will become increasingly scarce in the future. A billion dollars spent on the aforementioned project will only reduce the temperature by 0.12 degrees, which will not have the slightest effect on climate change. It is an utterly ridiculous scheme, of which Parliament should be ashamed."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [42] "Text tabled : A6-0366/2008\n\n  Bogdan Pęk (UEN). – (PL) Madam President, I voted against, as I believe that the whole concept of drastic limitation of carbon dioxide emissions as proposed by the Commission, the European Parliament and the European Council is fundamentally wrong and does not have an appropriate legal basis. In addition, if this policy were to be implemented in Poland, my country would lose more than all it has hitherto received in the form of direct payments, indirect subsidies and grants, and there would still be more to pay. What this means is that the policy would be disastrous for the economies of many developing countries. It would not be a good example for the rest of the planet, which is supposed to implement this principle at global level on the basis of the results achieved in Europe. If, however, the policy were only implemented in Europe, it would be a totally unnecessary waste of EUR 500 billion."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [43] "Text tabled : A6-0366/2008\n\n  Luca Romagnoli (NI), in writing. – (IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I voted in favour of Mr Wijkman’s report on building a Global Climate Change Alliance. The subject of climate change has been on the agenda for many years: much has been done, but it is not yet enough. The aim is to step up action on climate change outside of the EU. We therefore need to promote political dialogue between the EU and developing countries in order to encourage the incorporation of factors connected with climate change into plans for reducing poverty at local and national level.\n\nI support this initiative; before it gains ground, of course, it will have various challenges to face, such as the lack of coordination at world level, the scarcity of funding, and so on. I also agree with the rapporteur’s remarks on investing in the development of innovative public-private partnership (PPP) models, in which Europe has great faith. They represent the future for the EU at national, regional and local level."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [44] "Text tabled : A6-0402/2007\n\n  Luca Romagnoli (ITS), in writing. − (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I wish to express my support for the Liese report. I have nevertheless seen fit to back some amendments modifying the initial draft, particularly those relating to 2011 as the date for the scheme’s entry into force.\n\nThis is an especially significant point when it comes to avoiding the creation of market distortions within the European Union, albeit only for transitional periods, meaning that some operators would be at an advantage over others.\n\nI have backed certain other amendments too, on matters such as the percentage of allocations to be auctioned, and the use to be made of funds gathered in this way, provided that this does not set a precedent for reducing the financial room for manoeuvre falling within the exclusive prerogative of Member States."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [45] "Text tabled : A6-0366/2008\n\n  Bernard Wojciechowski (IND/DEM), in writing. − (PL) The protection of the natural environment should undoubtedly be a priority for each Member State and for the Community as a whole. As regards the initiative to establish a Global Climate Change Alliance, however, the best that can be said about is that it is pointless. Spending taxpayers’ money on yet another expensive political body will most certainly not help to improve the state of the natural environment. It will merely provide additional lucrative posts to be filled by Brussels bureaucrats. Developing countries produce far less pollution, and their carbon dioxide emissions are insignificant in comparison to those of the economic giants.\n\nI should like to point out that for many years now the United States of America has been near the top of the list of countries producing toxic substances. It has still not ratified the Kyoto Protocol. I am convinced that establishing an alliance involving the EU and developing countries will not contribute in the least to reducing the level of pollution. On the other hand, action such as conversations with the political leaders of the aforementioned countries, for example, could be crucial. That is because they are the ones doing most to degrade the natural environment."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [46] "Text tabled : A7-0349/2012\n\n  Mara Bizzotto (EFD), in writing. − (IT) I abstained from voting on Mr Tarand’s report. It is true that the increase in extreme weather events in recent years represents an escalating cost, not just in terms of human lives lost, but also as a direct cost in terms of rebuilding and aid and as an indirect cost in terms of increases in insurance and higher prices for products and services. However, I do not believe that it is necessary to integrate an analysis of the impact of climate-driven risks into all strategic EU policies, instruments and documents."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [47] "Text tabled : A7-0305/2012\n\n  Mara Bizzotto (EFD), in writing. − I voted against this initiative because it does not go far enough to help fix the root problems currently facing the European economy. Europe for the time being needs to focus on recovering and regaining economic competitiveness. Furthermore to harmonize social enterprises at the community level of Member States would be a very difficult task at the current time. The initiative lacks in solid reasoning, making it unclear of what the benefits would be for voting in favour."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [48] "Text tabled : A7-0219/2011\n\n  Mara Bizzotto (EFD), in writing. − (IT) The report proposes the adoption of a new proposal by the Commission according to which the European Union could be able to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 not by 20%, as originally proposed, but by 30%.\n\nHowever, it does not seem to be advisable to force an acceleration of the current plan of action. The current plan has proved to be effective and well-judged, and the European Union is already making a substantial contribution to the reduction of gas emissions. The international players we should be calling on to show greater commitment and sincerity in the battle against emissions are others, specifically emerging countries in Asia.\n\nGreater commitment on the part of the European Union, as called for in this report, would only effectively be useful if matched by a similar effort by the other industrial powers on the planet. The European Union and its citizens certainly cannot take on the responsibilities of the other parties involved. In the light of these considerations, I decided to vote against the report."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [49] "Text tabled : B7-0474/2011\n\n  John Bufton (EFD), in writing. − I voted against this report to show my disapproval of the European Union’s action on HFCs under the Montreal Protocol as a prime example of a non-market-based approach to reducing greenhouse gas emissions at COP-17 in Durban. In a time of austerity, new stricter rules on greenhouse gases, mainly used in refrigeration and air conditioning systems, will create extra expenditure to people already struggling with a higher cost of living. In addition I would like to express opposition to creating a further burden for the car industry by pushing forward the idea of reducing bloc carbon emissions."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [50] "Text tabled : A7-0049/2012\n\n  Philip Claeys (NI). – (NL) Mr President, when I started reading the report on women and climate change, I thought it was a piece of satire, a caricature intended to ridicule the Utopian atmosphere of political correctness that prevails in this Parliament, but it appears to be deadly serious.\n\nOne of the first recitals immediately sets the tone and in it, it is written in black and white that – I quote – ‘as women consume more sustainably than men and show greater willingness to act to preserve the environment’. Where did you actually get that one from? Has any research been carried out into this? Since we appear to actually have the time to occupy ourselves with such matters, I would, in any case, propose that we follow up this report with one on men and climate change, on gays and climate change, on redheads and left-handers and climate change, and why not, even on stamp collectors and climate change. My apologies to any demographic groups and subgroups that I have not been able to mention here."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [51] "Text tabled : A7-0057/2010\n\n  Bruno Gollnisch (NI), in writing. – (FR) This report is in keeping with the belief that climate change is global, disastrous and inevitably human in origin. However, just like this belief, which is now almost religious and no longer subject to dispute, it is excessive. Like everything excessive, it is ridiculous. Thus, without even waiting for any scientific assessment, an absolute precautionary principle should be applied to cope with the worst possible scenarios in terms of the possible impact of so-called global warming on ecosystems, but also on habitable areas, industrial facilities, and so on. I note in passing that such prudence is rarely applied to other measures linked to the environment and human health, such as GMOs for example. On the basis of real or imaginary risks, ranging from diseases possibly linked to global warming to forest fires reputed to be solely due to this same phenomenon, via floods and the overheating of central power stations, we are being urged to accept the interference of the Commission and of European policies in absolutely all areas, up to and including the use of the smallest plot of land. It is a shame that so many trees, recognised carbon reservoirs that they are, were sacrificed to print this text. As the poet said: hey lumberjack, stop a moment."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [52] "Text tabled : B7-0064/2010\n\n  Bruno Gollnisch (NI). – (FR) Mr President, Parliament’s resolution shows that, in this field as in so many others, our institution possesses absolutely no powers of judgment with regard to the dogmas that assail us.\n\nIndeed, many experts believe that the notorious hockey stick-shaped exponential global warming curve is, in reality, a graphic fabrication. Glaciers are not melting everywhere. In any event, contrary to what the IPCC announced, they are not melting in the Himalayas. Water levels are not about to rise and cover Bangladesh, quite the contrary. The Ganges delta is rising as a result of alluvial deposits. White bears, which are said to be disappearing, have never been as prolific as they are today. The alternation of hot and cold periods has occurred several times in our history, including quite recently, independently of any human activity. It is probably astronomic in origin and not caused by the alleged greenhouse gases.\n\nUntil these questions have been answered, we can only believe that this is a magnificent ideological dogma designed to justify the introduction of a world government."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [53] "Text tabled : B7-0141/2009\n\n  Bruno Gollnisch (NI). – (FR) Mr President, the report that has just been adopted in our Chamber definitely toes the ‘politically correct’ line that reigns supreme here, unchallenged by established dogmas.\n\nHowever, just because something is said a thousand times does not mean that it is justified. There has always been global warming. There has been global warming since the last glaciations, for example, and, after all, it was not the cars used by Neanderthal Man that caused the previous instances of global warming.\n\nThere is no dispute, there is no question about what is repeated to us a hundred times, a thousand times, and for what reason? We can clearly see that there is at least one very important reason: to prepare for the advent of world government; and the second reason is once again to instil a sense of guilt in Europeans and in Westerners, who are considered, wrongly, as being responsible for all the world’s ills.\n\nI shall stop there, Mr President, because I am not entitled to sixty-one seconds. Thank you for having taken notice of what I have said."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [54] "Text tabled : B7-0571/2011\n\n  Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing. − (DE) In the last 100 years, the mean air temperature at ground level has increased by around 0.74 °C. We know this because temperature measurements have been taken for at least 100 years. Over the last 15 years, the more or less scientific doctrine that the recorded increase in temperature is caused by anthropogenic CO2 emissions has prevailed. European leaders follow this dogma blindly and want the EU Member States, at the world climate conference that will take place in Durban in 2012, to commit to making European industry and the European economy significantly more low-carbon. However, the fact is that there is absolutely no proof that climate change is anthropogenic in nature. It is also a fact that our climate has been subject to continual oscillations of varying magnitudes since time immemorial. The figures and values put forward by the European leadership team are quite simply theories, which have, however, been declared to be the ultimate reality. This is also the reason why the numerous scientists who hold a different opinion and those people who are critical of this, both in politics and also in the current media landscape, barely get a look in any more or are made out to be disreputable. It should be noted that, for the Eurocrats, this is not about important measures to protect the environment, but about deliberate, profit-making scaremongering. For this reason, I have declined to give this motion my support."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [55] "Text tabled : B7-0474/2011\n\n  Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing. − (DE) For as long as our planet has existed there have repeatedly been changes in the climate, as scientists can now impressively demonstrate. Glacial and interglacial periods shaped the planet and led to changes in flora and fauna. Now the Earth is said to be experiencing change once again. However, there is still reason to doubt that humans alone can be said to be responsible for these changes. New climate targets are agreed on at regular intervals, and failure to meet them sometimes incurs draconian penalties. Under the guise of ‘climate protection’ a lively trade is carried on that swallows up billions of euro worldwide without any certainty that it could actually make a lasting difference. I did not vote in favour of the motion for a resolution, because I believe, as mentioned, that there is no proof that climate change is caused, or even that it is being exacerbated, by the hand of man."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [56] "Text tabled : A7-0219/2011\n\n  Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing. − (DE) We do not yet know whether climate change is just one apocalypse or the ultimate apocalypse. However, we should definitely welcome any measures taken with the aim of protecting the environment and, in particular, saving energy. Despite all the noble ideals and objectives relating to the protection of the environment and public health, we must not forget that the real crimes against the environment have been committed by the United States and China, which have not suffered any economic problems as a result of their ruthless approach to nature. We must call on these countries to change their environmental policy. The EU must act in the interests of its own economy and of employment and adapt its environmental policy to global economic competition."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [57] "Text tabled : A7-0113/2011\n\n  Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing. – (DE) Dying forests throughout Europe represent both an environmental problem, in terms of natural habitats and climate change, and an economic problem. The 5 million people who work in the forests and the 16 million forest owners produce an annual turnover of EUR 300 billion. Current environmental conditions are responsible for bringing about changes in European forests. We have to expect that in the long term beech trees will disappear completely in the Mediterranean region and that coniferous forests will decrease in area throughout continental Europe. Other factors include new forms of pest attacks whose impact cannot yet be assessed and a significant increase in the risk of forest fires.\n\nICP Forests and the EU operate one of the world’s largest biomonitoring networks with the aim of quantifying these changes and helping to understand the cause and effect relationships. I have abstained from voting because in my opinion, the measures proposed in the report relating to the extent to which the individual Member States will be held responsible and will be involved do not go far enough."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [58] "Text tabled : A7-0287/2010\n\n  Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing. – (DE) In order to be able to achieve a significant reduction in CO2 emissions, manufacturers need to redesign vehicles so that they do not exceed a specific level in future. The measures which seem technically feasible in the case of cars may not necessarily be achievable for light commercial vehicles. As it is not really possible to change the shape of the vehicles, the engineers will have to focus on the engine and the mechanical components, which, according to the experts, is a long-winded process. For this reason, we need to find alternative solutions which will lead to a reduction in CO2 emissions from light commercial vehicles. There are currently two possible options. One is to increase the reduction for cars, in order to compensate for the emissions from commercial vehicles. The other is to fit a speed limiter, which would also result in a significant fall in emissions. I did not vote in favour of the report because, in my opinion, it offers too few options."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [59] "Text tabled : B7-0616/2010\n\n  Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing. – (DE) During the forthcoming climate conference in Cancún, globally binding limits are to be agreed for CO2 greenhouse gas emissions because the previous Kyoto protocol runs out in 2012. While the European Union is working to reduce CO2 emissions by 20% by the end of the decade, Parliament is actually looking for a 30% reduction. We have not succeeded in achieving our climate targets to date, a situation that will not improve by setting a higher percentage reduction. This is particularly the case when emissions trading simply allowed some of the emissions to be moved elsewhere.\n\nHere in Europe, we have a high level of environmental awareness, something that is not the case in some of the so-called emerging economies. One only has to think of China or India, for example. I am quite sceptical in relation to the system used to date. My scepticism stems mainly from the fact that more nuclear power stations are to be built in order to reduce CO2 emissions. This would simply mean jumping out of the frying pan into the fire. I simply cannot support such a proposal."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [60] "Text tabled : A7-0310/2010\n\n  Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing. – (DE) This report is an attempt to find a solution to the problem of globalisation, a problem that the EU has itself created. Cheap products are produced in countries outside the European Union under completely different conditions and are then imported cheaply into Europe, putting pressure on European wage levels and weakening our economy.\n\nThis report deals with the much higher levels of CO2 produced as a result. However, it does not seek to impose an appropriate commercial disadvantage on the relevant products, but rather, on the contrary, favours giving away European technology and expertise to the world at large. This will do nothing to reduce the globalisation problem, but will instead make it much worse. It is for that reason that I have voted against this report."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [61] "Text tabled : B7-0141/2009\n\n  Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing. – (DE) For far too long, the EU has been attempting to reduce the concentration of greenhouse gases single-handedly while energy-hungry emerging economies and wasteful industrial countries were not even prepared to implement the Kyoto Protocol. We will have to wait and see to what extent the Copenhagen conference will change this. Against this background, rules are needed for the financing process, together with sanctions for non-compliance.\n\nIn order to bring about change, we need to restructure our environmental policy so that it does not merely involve millions being transferred to and fro as part of the certificate trading process, but also enables the promotion of real alternatives, such as renewable energy, and the reduction in the transport of goods all over Europe which is subsidised using EU money. This report does not deal with this problem in sufficient detail and, therefore, I have voted against it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [62] "Text tabled : A7-0049/2012\n\n  Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing. – (DE) The report on women and climate change is a prime example of the far left attempting to ideologise all areas of society. The objective here is no longer equality for women, but the complete restructuring of society on the basis of left-wing social engineering. This does not give individuals more freedom, as is claimed. On the contrary, the introduction of all-embracing gender mainstreaming results in a lifestyle which goes against the ideas of the broad majority of the population both intuitively and in the way that the arguments are presented. I have voted against the report for reasons of principle."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [63] "Text tabled : B7-0616/2010\n\n  Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing. – (DE) The fact that the European economy had to cut back on its production on account of the crisis, resulting in reduced levels of emissions, is not an argument for the 30% reduction in CO2 emissions being called for by the EU Climate Action Commissioner, Mrs Hedegaard, now that the 20% reduction can easily be achieved as a result of the economic crisis. However, climate protection can only succeed if it is carried out globally. There is little point in reducing CO2 emissions throughout the EU while, at the same time, shifting industries that are harmful to the climate and the hazardous waste from industrial nations to developing countries. On the other hand, restrictive EU measures hold our economy back and impede our companies in international competition. Therefore, we should say ‘yes’ to climate protection, but not at the expense of our companies and not if we are the only ones taking the measures. I therefore voted against this motion for a resolution."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [64] "Text tabled : A7-0219/2011\n\n  Fiorello Provera (EFD), in writing. − (IT) Without a legally binding global international agreement under which the other industrialised nations undertake to make equivalent commitments and emerging countries undertake to make suitable efforts, there are not sufficient grounds for a unilateral increase in the EU emissions reduction target for 2020.\n\nIt is too early to recognise the Commission’s evaluation of a possible 25% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions compared to 1990 levels, should the EU objective of increasing energy efficiency be met (20% increase by 2020). Before proceeding along these lines a careful examination is required, along with a thorough investigation of the implications in terms of costs.\n\nWithin the framework of international climate negotiations, recognition of this result at this stage does not seem appropriate, because in the eyes of the other parties it detracts from the unilateral commitment already made by the European Union (-20% by 2020). It is also too early to recognise the milestones identified on the roadmap, before carrying out the necessary investigations for evaluating the implications for Member States.\n\nIn view of these considerations, I voted against the report."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [65] "Text tabled : B7-0474/2011\n\n  Oreste Rossi (EFD), in writing. – (IT) We have reiterated several times that, at a time when the economic crisis is reducing corporate investments and lower costs in third countries are encouraging European industries to relocate elsewhere, we cannot burden our system with further costs. Pollution is a global issue and the commitment to reduce emissions cannot and must not come from Europe alone. Either we reach a global agreement or European companies will be encouraged to transfer outside the EU as a result of the additional costs imposed on them. We therefore intend to vote against the motion for a resolution, as it clearly goes against the interests of our workers."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [66] "Text tabled : A7-0219/2011\n\n  Oreste Rossi (EFD), in writing. − (IT) I am extremely pleased with the rejection of this report on the European Commission’s Communication ‘Analysis of options to move beyond 20% greenhouse gas emission reductions and assessing the risk of carbon leakage’.\n\nWe had no choice but to vote against this report, because companies are currently suffering due to a global crisis and, particularly in Europe, from unfair competition from other countries. It is therefore not possible to ask them to make a bigger effort than that already agreed. Without a binding global international agreement under which the other industrialised nations undertake to make equivalent commitments and emerging countries undertake to make suitable efforts, there are not sufficient grounds for a unilateral increase in the EU emissions reduction target for 2020.\n\nFurthermore, the Commission Communication points out that a significant part of the carbon emissions reduction is in fact linked to the economic crisis, which has led to the closure or transfer of plants to other countries. I understand, but do not share the opinion of the rapporteur, who would like to live in a bucolic world consisting of woods, meadows and animals, with no industry. Reality is very different and I am sorry to have to say it, but people need to work."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [67] "Text tabled : A7-0113/2011\n\n  Oreste Rossi (EFD), in writing. – (IT) I am in favour of the report because forests, which cover more than 42% of the EU’s surface area, provide a livelihood for many workers and businesses in the forestry sector. A framework of Commission guidelines should be established; binding sustainability criteria should be introduced, including mandatory national forestry programmes; payment for ecosystem services should be formalised; and forest protection policies should be strengthened by reintroducing the fire prevention regulation. It is particularly worthwhile and striking that the amendment to prevent speculative building on land cleared illegally by fire was adopted. There is already such a rule in Italy, prohibiting building on land destroyed by arson."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [68] "Text tabled : A7-0310/2010\n\n  Oreste Rossi (EFD), in writing. – (IT) We are strongly opposed to this report because we cannot accept its biased approach, which runs completely counter to the economic interests of our society and businesses. To think that Europe can solve the problem of CO2 emissions into the environment all by itself is a mere pipe dream. After calling for too much at the Copenhagen conference last year, we have not learnt the lesson and are again preparing a document that calls for too much, this time for the forthcoming climate change conference in Cancún. We are in no doubt as to the outcome if that text is adopted when it comes before this House: it will be thrown in the bin, just like the last one. This report seems to be trying to sketch out the main points of the next document to be prepared in connection with the climate change summit (COP 16)."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [69] "Text tabled : A7-0305/2012\n\n  Nikolaos Salavrakos (EFD), in writing. − I voted in favour of this report because social enterprises are important drivers of sustainable development and social innovation and they have a major role to play in achieving the social, employment and educational targets of the EU 2020 Strategy. A favourable climate for social enterprises in combination with a strong political framework and the necessary funding will allow for these enterprises to survive in the current crisis and to thrive."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [70] "Text tabled : A7-0219/2011\n\n  Nikolaos Salavrakos (EFD), in writing. – (EL) We need a methodical approach to the sensitive issue of climate change. However, what we do not need are exaggerations and misunderstandings that limit entrepreneurship and will ultimately have an adverse effect on society as a whole. We must not put human prosperity and social cohesion at risk. We also need more scientific investigation of the problem, which the report ignores. Despite the rapporteur’s honest intentions, the report is a move in the wrong direction and, unless it is radically changed, the subject will need to be re-examined more realistically."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [71] "Text tabled : A7-0219/2011\n\n  Nicole Sinclaire (NI). – Mr President, I am not convinced that the target of a 20% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 is achievable. I would therefore question the wisdom of increasing the budget to 30% and placing substantial extra costs on the industry at a time of economic hardship. Issues of climate change and global warming are of great importance not just to Europe, but to the whole planet and for future generations to come. More than anything we need to increase our understanding of the phenomenon that we are facing. In this respect we still have a long way to go.\n\nI think that bandwagon jumping, and therefore attention-seeking, by politicians eager to please the global warming alarmists, will be no more helpful than dubious pronouncements by the deniers, who may or may not be emissaries of oil-company money. I have therefore not voted on this report, nor do I feel able to report on it, or support it. I think that we need to know more before we commit ourselves to the cost of tampering with the arbitrary targets we therefore cannot meet, in order to grab headlines."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [72] "Text tabled : A7-0049/2012\n\n  Laurence J. A. J. Stassen (NI), in writing. – (NL) The Dutch Party for Freedom (PVV) voted against this report. It sells vague assumptions and far-fetched conclusions by the dozen. According to the report, for example, ‘climate change is not gender-neutral’. In addition, it claims that women ‘do not have the same impact on the environment as men’ and that we need ‘climate justice’. The report oozes climate hysteria and feminism. The PVV really cannot take this report seriously. What is the next report we can look forward to? Women and fishing quotas? Women and CO2 emissions? Our citizens will start wondering whether Parliament really has nothing better to do. The PVV is voting against this useless report."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [73] "  John Stuart Agnew (EFD), blue-card question. – Sir, you say that the British think that shale gas will help them. Well, I can tell you that it will.\n\nBut why should we trust the computer models that say the weather is going to get hotter and hotter years into the future, when those same computer models let us down so badly with local weather forecasts? Three years ago we were told it was going to be a warm, mild, wet winter, and it was one of the coldest we have ever experienced. If those computer models cannot get it right six or eight weeks ahead, how are they going to get it right hundreds of years ahead?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [74] "  John Stuart Agnew (EFD). – Mr President, whilst the big conference at Copenhagen was under way last month – complete with politicians, NGOs and activists – there was another climate conference going on in the same city, where most of the speakers were scientists, and I believe that I was the only MEP present.\n\nThese scientists, one by one, demolished the so-called facts about man-made global warming, with scientific argument as opposed to alarmist sound bite. We heard about the technical failures of Al Gore’s hockey stick graph and the unreliability of weather station data after the fall of the Berlin Wall. We were advised on the scientific shortcomings of the computer models that are reluctant to predict cold weather, and the probability of the opposite relationship between carbon dioxide and global temperatures to the one that we are being brainwashed with. We were shown satellite photographs of the rapid increase in Arctic ice over the last three years, and we were briefed on the increase in the numbers of polar bears."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [75] "  John Stuart Agnew (EFD). – Madam President, what a relief that they have stopped burning heretics or I would be well and truly alight by now. I am, though, glowing hot in my opposition to the concept of man-made climate change.\n\nCarbon dioxide accounts for only 0.038% of our atmosphere and only 4% of that is influenced by man’s activity. It is a vital and irreplaceable food for plant life. The more plants receive, the faster they grow. A shortage of this gas will be far more serious than a surplus. The alarmist and incorrect statements that suggest any increase in carbon dioxide will create significant rises in sea levels is being used as an excuse by local authorities not to maintain low-cost wooden sea defences. When these inevitably rot, after 40 years’ service, nothing is done to repair them and homes are lost. This is creating an aura of despair among coastal communities. If computer predictions cannot forecast the weather properly in the short term, they have no place whatsoever in predicting long-term changes."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [76] "  Marta Andreasen (ECR), in writing. - I voted against this report because our energy market must be free from the burden of expensive renewable energy quotas. I cannot support this joint committee report calling for the continuation of the 2020 binding targets on emissions reduction and renewables, as well as a mandatory target for energy efficiency. The Commissioner for Industry has said that Europe faces an ‘industrial massacre’ because of high energy costs. We cannot afford to continue to make the same mistakes that have pushed our energy costs to such a high level."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [77] "  Zoltán Balczó (NI). – (HU) Minister, I have surprising news for you. The climate conference in Copenhagen is over. You talk about targets and illusions as if we were still before the event. It ended in failure. No legally binding commitments were signed. The example of Kyoto shows what voluntarism means. We are all aware of the value of the United States’ undertakings, but Canada is also worth mentioning. Canada signed the Kyoto Treaty, and then increased its carbon-dioxide emissions by 26% without any consequences. Copenhagen is a clear message about the world we are living in.\n\nThe world today is determined by economic fundamentalism. Whenever the interests of society face the interests of the global economy, the latter always wins. Of course, behind the global economy there is a small power elite. In order to stop irreversible climate change, we would need to change another climate. We need to change the political and moral climate. Before doing so, as long as people serve the economy and not the other way around, until the eco-social market economy becomes the guiding principle, all similar conferences are condemned to failure."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [78] "  Zoltán Balczó (NI). – (HU) The European Union has ample moral grounds for taking decisive action in order to achieve a reduction in emissions from the United States and China. This is based on the fact that the European Union and its 27 Member States have fulfilled the commitments made in the Kyoto Protocol. The former socialist countries made a significant contribution to this too, at great sacrifice. The collapse of their heavy industry resulted in a significant reduction in carbon dioxide emissions, but we paid a social price for this. It is therefore reasonable, when making international commitments and providing finances, to take this fact, that is, economic development, into account. On the other hand, it must be possible – which would be reasonable – for quotas that have not been used up to be transferred to subsequent periods, if they could be used for environmental protection purposes."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [79] "  Zoltán Balczó (NI). – (HU) Mr President, opinions vary as to what extent mankind influences climate change. My view is that we do have an influence, and the purpose of the Copenhagen climate conference is to mitigate this. I strongly believe that the outcome will be decided in the political domain.\n\nWhat means can we use to successfully persuade the biggest polluters to cut their emissions? We will not do it by promoting the strong message from Europe that we will make cuts of not 20%, but 30 and 40%. We must get the biggest polluter in the world, the United States, to reduce its large-scale pollution. A decision implementing such an amendment was actually proposed in the relevant committee. There were many people who optimistically expected that Barack Obama would bring about major changes and travel to Copenhagen. However, he attended the International Olympic Committee meeting to campaign for Chicago instead. Without success.\n\nThe European Union’s leaders act on behalf of 500 million people on many occasions unnecessarily. The question is why they are not daring to act more decisively now because it is only with their intervention that we will be able to achieve success on a global issue, something which cannot be done at a local level."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [80] "  George Becali (NI). – (RO) I include myself among the MEPs who believe that agriculture is a solution to and not merely a cause of climate change. I think that it is even one of the victims of this phenomenon because drought and floods are affecting us all in Europe with ever-increasing regularity, but their impact is felt primarily by farmers.\n\nI also include myself among the MEPs who believe that we need a common agricultural policy in the future as well. We need it so that we can develop new models and new methods of production to restore the agricultural and domestic biodiversity which we had already lost 70% of at the start of this millennium. When we talk about agriculture, we are talking about living beings, starting with the soil, then the plants and especially the trees, forests and pasture land. I would like to think that this is the kind of message and approach which will be in evidence in Copenhagen in two months’ time and that the EU’s policy in this area will be seen in a concrete and strategic manner, as well as in budgetary terms, to treat agriculture as a solution, as I mentioned at the start of this speech."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [81] "  Mara Bizzotto (EFD), per iscritto. - Non ho inteso sostenere col mio voto la relazione Urutchev sull'attuazione tecnica del protocollo di Kyoto alla convenzione quadro delle Nazioni Unite sui cambiamenti climatici, poiché gli interventi richiesti risultano essere eccessivamente onerosi rispetto ai risultati che si otterranno."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [82] "  Mara Bizzotto (EFD), per iscritto. - Ho votato a farvore di questa relazione che offre un approccio al problema equilibrato concreto e positivo per tutti i cittadini europei."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [83] "  Mara Bizzotto (EFD), per iscritto. - La relazione Eickhout sui gas fluorurati e l'effetto serra è condivisibile. Ritengo degno di nota il fatto che si siano tenute in considerazione le tecnologie alternative già a disposizione dei diversi settori e la loro sostenibilità economica, oltre che delle tempistiche di adeguamento ai nuovi standard, con l’'obiettivo di mantenere questi settori sul mercato, per tutti questi motivi ho votato a favore del testo."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [84] "  Mara Bizzotto (EFD), per iscritto. - Non ho appoggiato la relazione Ulmer, perché le posizioni che sostiene coincidono con la definizione di obiettivi troppo stringenti e vincolanti che penalizzano una volta di più il comparto automobilistico, già fortemente toccato dalla crisi."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [85] "  Mara Bizzotto (EFD), per iscritto. - Non condivido l'impostazione della relazione che analizza un quadro comune per le politiche del clima e dell'energia nell'ambito di \"Orizzonte 2020\".\n\nLe proposte contenute nel testo non faranno altro che penalizzare ingiustamente le imprese europee e l'economia nel suo complesso. Inoltre non vi è traccia nell'intero testo di una valutazione degli impatti economici che i provvedimenti proposti avrebbero a livello di singoli Stati membri e di singoli settori industriali, inclusi gli impatti sull'occupazione. Per tutti questi motivi mi sono espressa con voto contrario."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [86] "  Mara Bizzotto (EFD), per iscritto. - Non ho inteso sostenere col mio voto la risoluzione che analizza le quote di emissione di gas a effetto serra da mettere all'asta nel periodo 2013-2020."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [87] "  Mara Bizzotto (EFD), per iscritto. − Non ho inteso sostenere col mio voto la relazione Krahmer sulla riduzione delle emissioni di CO2 per i nuovi veicoli commerciali, poiché ritengo che essa porterebbe un ulteriore aggravio di spese per il comparto automobilistico, già fortemente provato dalla crisi economica in atto."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [88] "  Mara Bizzotto (EFD), per iscritto. − Non condivido le posizioni sostenute nella relazione Groote che ricalcano le medesime già bocciate in plenaria nella loro prima versione.\n\nPer questo motivo non ho sostenuto il testo con il mio voto."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [89] "  Mara Bizzotto (EFD), per iscritto. − Ritengo che la relazione Haug che analizza il programma per l'ambiente e l'azione per il clima sia un testo che affronta in maniera sistematica ed equilibrata l'implementazione di tali programmi in ambito europeo. Per questo motivo ho ritenuto opportuno sostenerla col mio voto."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [90] "  Mara Bizzotto (EFD), per iscritto. − Non ho sostenuto la relazione Arsenis sulle norme di contabilizzazione e i piani di azione relativi alle emissioni e agli assorbimenti di gas a effetto serra risultanti da attività connesse all'uso del suolo, ai cambiamenti di uso del suolo e alla silvicoltura. Sono convinta che ulteriori oneri a carico degli Stati membri legati alla legislazione climatica siano inaccettabili, almeno finché non si raggiungerà un accordo globale vincolante in seno alla Convenzione quadro delle Nazioni Unite sui cambiamenti climatici."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [91] "  Mara Bizzotto (EFD), per iscritto. − Mi sono espressa con voto contrario in merito alla relazione Eickhout sulla proposta di regolamento concernente un meccanismo di monitoraggio e comunicazione delle emissioni di gas a effetto serra e di comunicazione di altre informazioni in materia di cambiamenti climatici a livello nazionale e dell'UE. Questa proposta va ben oltre gli obblighi imposti dalle decisioni della Convenzione quadro delle Nazioni Unite sui cambiamenti climatici ed estende ulteriormente gli obblighi di monitoraggio e rendicontazione, con procedure ridondanti e ripetitive, come l'esame degli inventari nazionali da parte di funzionari dell'UE, che paiono create appositamente per legittimare le funzioni di qualche euroburocrate."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [92] "  Godfrey Bloom (EFD). - Mr President, well what do we know about carbon dioxide? Not carbon – carbon dioxide is a different thing for those people in this Chamber who have not had the benefit of a formal education. They are different things. We know that carbon dioxide in the atmosphere always follows periods of global warming.\n\nWe know, do we not, that the hypothesis that man-made global warming was going to cause totally apocryphal boiling in 2050 now is completely nonsense. The hypothesis is dead in the water. It is facedown. There has been no statistically significant global warming now for over fifteen years. There is not a single independent scientific institution which does not acknowledge that fact.\n\nSo all this debate is a lot of nonsense, because it simply is not happening. And Commissioner, you say that the weather is getting worse and worse; that climate change is getting worse. Madam, where have you been? It has not been. Why are you in denial? You are in denial! If I may lapse into the vernacular of the loony Greenies and their fellow travellers on this complete money-making nonsense: denier! Denier!\n\n(The speaker declined to answer blue-card questions from Mr Davies and Mr Jørgensen)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [93] "  Godfrey Bloom (EFD). – Madam President, one thing we do know about climate is that it is a pretty odd old thing. We know that it was warmer on the globe in the Holocene period; we know it was warmer in the Roman period; we also know it was warmer in the medieval period. It was cooler in the Little Ice Age in the early 19th century. We also know there has been no significant change in climate over the last 6 000 years and we also know that most scientific organisations have confirmed that there has been no significant statistical global warming in the last 15 years? I have these figures in front of me. They are the same figures that Mr Davies quoted. He is very careful in what he selects.\n\nWhat I would like to suggest before everybody disappears to Durban, saving the world as they travel on first class airfares and sip their martinis in expensive hotels, is that I have old age pensioners in Yorkshire on GBP 98 a week … and you are picking up the tab. I would suggest, given this fiscal crisis that we have, that it would be a nice gesture – particularly from you, Commissioner, who does not pay much income tax and is on a very good salary – for you to offer to pay for your own trip."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [94] "  Godfrey Bloom (EFD). – Mr President, you can, of course, tell that I am a sceptic because I do not dress like a scarecrow.\n\nI fought my way through the blizzard in Copenhagen, like many of you did. It is interesting, is it not, that we have had the coldest winter so far on record in London for 30 years? It is the same in Poland, Korea and China. We have had the coldest temperatures in Florida, Arizona, Texas – the first snow in Texas, I think, for a hundred years. Of course, as Giles Coren of the London Times said, my goodness me, we simply do not get it – of course that is what global warming is all about: we have got to get used to freezing temperatures.\n\nWell, we have seen the Al Gore hockey stick, which is still, I gather, being shown in London state schools – Al Gore, snake oil salesman, crook! We have seen Professor Jones from the University of East Anglia – crook! And now – you will not know about this yet because it has been kept out of the public domain – the New Zealand National Climate Database: I have the figures here – all fraudulent.\n\nWhen are you all going to wake up? Scam, scam, scam!\n\n(The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149(8))"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [95] "  Godfrey Bloom (EFD). – Climate, Mr Davies, is what we all have to put up with."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [96] "  Godfrey Bloom (EFD). – Mr President, I take this opportunity of wishing well the east European cities in the coming of the very early skiing season, with the snow and ice that have come there. Of course, this is indicative of the fact that, as independent science has now confirmed, the globe is actually cooling and has been cooling since 2002, and temperatures have been broadly flat since 1998. So we are all talking here about something which is not happening.\n\nTime and time again I have heard Members here talk of CO2 as a pollutant. A pollutant! It is a life-giving natural gas. It gives me the impression that some of our Members have not had the benefit of a formal education.\n\nIsn’t this really just about the state being able to get its hand in ordinary people’s trouser pockets to steal yet more tax from them? Isn’t this all about political control? Isn’t this all about politics and big business? The whole thing is a sham – this bogus hypothesis, this ridiculous nonsense that man-made CO2 is causing global warming. Enough please, before we damage irrevocably the global economy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [97] "  Andrew Henry William Brons (NI). – You will be aware that the leaked emails from the University of East Anglia reveal that historical changes in temperature have been manipulated by supporters of the man-made climate change hypothesis by subjectively choosing base years. That trick has been used to disguise recent falls in temperature and to contain the problem of the Medieval Warm Period. The emails also reveal that scientists sceptical of the hypothesis have been squeezed out of peer review processes to avoid flaws in research being revealed to public scrutiny.\n\nCan a hypothesis that depends on manipulation of data be a proper basis for justifying enormous expenditure and the closing-down of factories such as the Corus plant in Middlesbrough? The European Union pays enormous subsidies to environmental pressure groups that agree to advise the EU to follow a policy to which it is already committed. Is it appropriate for the European Union to use public funds to subsidise pressure groups? This wastes public money, gives bogus support for European Union policies and compromises the independence of campaigning organisations."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [98] "  Andrew Henry William Brons (NI). – Mr President, the earlier references to the so-called evidence about Himalayan glaciers need to be elaborated on. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change said in 2007 that they would disappear by the year 2035.\n\nThe Sunday Times has recently discovered that the report was ultimately based on an interview given to the New Scientist by an Indian scientist, Mr Hasnain in 1999. Mr Hasnain has subsequently said that this was based on personal estimates and did not mention the year and did not carry out any formal research.\n\nIf our conclusions on the hypothesis of climate change are to be based on evidence, then that evidence must be irreproachable. It must not be manufactured and it must not be invented."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [99] "  Andrew Henry William Brons (NI). – Madam President, the evidence is not that rising levels of CO2 lead to temperature rises, but that the causal connection is the other way round; but, of course, we must not let facts get in the way of a good story.\n\nHowever, let us accept for the moment that man-made emissions are a bad thing for various reasons. Why, then, does the British Labour Party support aggressive and illegal wars that not only kill British soldiers, Iraqis, Afghans and, in the future, Iranians, but also produce vast increases in global emissions?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[100] "  John Bufton (EFD), in writing. − I voted against this report as I am opposed to the EU’s green agenda in its entirety."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[101] "  John Bufton (EFD), in writing. − I voted against this amended proposal as the Committee version reduces backloading and is more restrictive in that it does not just hand a free rein to the Commission – we are happy that this report was postponed."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[102] "  John Bufton (EFD), in writing. − We oppose the EU ETS and every amendment to it. It is a failed and failing policy and we call for its complete abolition."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[103] "  John Bufton (EFD), in writing. − The UKIP position has always been one of complete opposition to the EU ETS and its justificatory mindset of a manmade CO2 global warming scare story based on bogus and discredited theories. We want to see the abolition of the ETS. The Liese report went through several versions until the ‘Final Version 3’ on the day. Our tactical position on the final version of the voting list aimed to block, slow down, and discredit the EU ETS are much as possible. We achieved this by successfully sending the report back to committee and defeating the Commission’s so-called backloading position. The whole matter is now one of vigorous debate which can only be good for democracy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[104] "  David Campbell Bannerman (ECR). – Mr President, this resolution is completely unacceptable. It is the equivalent of sending EU tanks across national borders. There is no acceptable EU role in these vital, strategic and offence responsibilities, and no role for Commission legislation.\n\nJust look at the language. The EU ‘should be a global political player on the international scene’ it says, ‘to protect its interests in the world and to ensure the security of its citizens’. All under the roof of a single political authority. It says, the EU has ‘an important role to play as security provider for the Member States’ and it wants mergers of European businesses to contribute to European defence industry.\n\nWell, here is the real aim of this shameful BAE/EADS merger proposal.\n\nBut worst of all, it wants to take the EU to war. It talks of having the ‘full range of possibilities for action on the international scene’, of intervening ‘in all types of crisis, including high intensity conflicts’ – and that means war.\n\nNo, this resolution must be stopped in its tracks."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[105] "  David Campbell Bannerman (EFD). – Madam President, in my English constituency this week, it was discovered that scientists from the University of East Anglia were allegedly manipulating data to try and prove man-made global warming.\n\nWhat a giveaway that was! It is clear now that the scientific consensus on man-made global warming is fast eroding: 30 000 sceptical scientists in the Manhattan Declaration; 600 scientists in a US Senate report; even German scientists this year writing to Chancellor Angela Merkel.\n\nMeanwhile, the author of the key UN report on this, Sir Nicholas Stern, urges us to become vegetarian to stop cows farting. Maybe it is not just certain cows that have gone mad.\n\nI am on the Committee on International Trade. I am deeply concerned with the WTO talks starting this week. I worry about a drift towards green tariffs justified on the basis of such spurious claims. These new tariffs are just barriers to trade, they punish the poor and have no justification whatsoever. This is just enviro-imperialism."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[106] "  Derek Roland Clark (EFD), blue-card question. – Mr President, this is a question for anybody who has taken part in this debate. I want to know, please, how these F- gases, or even carbon dioxide, cause global warming. I am not interested in computer predictions. I am not interested in the 90% of so-called scientists who say so. I taught physics and chemistry. I want to know what experiments have been done and what results have been achieved that show that carbon dioxide, fluorinated gases and the like do actually cause global warming. What is the mechanism? What do they actually do?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[107] "  Derek Roland Clark (EFD), blue-card question. – He has not said what actually happens. How does CO2 or fluorinated gas actually retain heat around the earth? The radiation I understand; you do not have to tell me. But what do these gases actually do that retains the heat around the world or stops the electromagnetic waves from progressing further? What do they do? How do they do it?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[108] "  Derek Roland Clark (EFD), in writing. − I did not vote on any of the amendments since there was no voting option to reject the granting of authority for the Commission to extract payments for emissions. Whether one voted ‘yes’ or ‘no’ to any amendment would have been to endorse the authority to extract payments. either for current emissions or for earlier emissions, ‘backloading’, or for both. I therefore voted ‘no’ to the whole proposal."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[109] "  Derek Roland Clark (EFD). – Mr President, I am happy to read this speech on behalf of Mr Bloom, who has – in my view – been unfairly debarred from the Chamber this afternoon.\n\nWe had a fiasco a year ago in Copenhagen, when 15 000 unqualified people, including MEPs and the whole entourage, descended on the place to double its carbon footprint for a fortnight and got hopelessly embroiled in climategate, which was very neatly timed to scotch the proceedings.\n\nYes, we all remember the University of East Anglia getting shown for what it is: a centre of bogus science churned out by bought and paid-for scientists who rely on the EU’s Research DG and the UN’s ‘super quango’ for research funds and laboratories and on the UK taxpayers for their wages. They were shown up as forgers of data, forgers of climate computer models, hiders of inconvenient data and conspirators with Obama’s green minions.\n\nThe taxpaying masses learned in no uncertain terms that the EU and the global green agenda is all about raising our carbon taxes and scaring us into compliance.\n\nCancún would be not nearly as bad, of course. It is much warmer. It is a jolly winter, and the conspirators will be much more careful to hide their global governance agenda this year. But be warned: we, the people, are onto you."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[110] "  William (The Earl of) Dartmouth (EFD). – Mr President, this is the second time that I have sat in this Chamber and seen the President interrupt one of the speakers on the basis that they are speaking too quickly.\n\nI do not know how often you speak yourself, but you should understand that such an interruption has the consequence of completely wrecking the speech.\n\nNow, I happen to disagree entirely with what Mr Désir said, but I think that, really, the interpreters are paid employees and if they cannot keep up, that is their problem. It is not for the President to interrupt in the way that you have just done."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[111] "  William (The Earl of) Dartmouth, on behalf of the EFD Group. – Mr President, trade delivers mutual prosperity, and I emphasise the word ‘mutual’. It follows, therefore, that trade policy should almost never be burdened with a political agenda.\n\nNow, on a personal level I have great respect for the rapporteurs of these three reports, but the philosophy which underpins the reports has been put forward at many elections and mostly voted down.\n\nWhat we are seeing is an attempt to manipulate the trade policy of the European Union – which, unfortunately, the UK is bound by for the moment – in order to implement by stealth a largely Socialist agenda that has been consistently rejected.\n\nAt a political level, the machinations of the rapporteurs are rather impressive. But, as a democrat, I have to say no and that is why we will be voting no tomorrow."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[112] "  Lorenzo Fontana (EFD), per iscritto. - La relazione sulla proposta di direttiva del Parlamento europeo e del Consiglio reca modifica della direttiva 2003/87/CE e istituisce un sistema per lo scambio di quote di emissione dei gas a effetto serra nella Comunità. Penso sia opportuno continuare ad agire per contrastare l'effetto serra altamente dannoso per tutti. Quindi manifesto voto favorevole."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[113] "  Lorenzo Fontana (EFD), per iscritto. - La relazione riguarda la modifica del regolamento (CE) n. 443/2009 stabilendo le modalità per raggiungere l'obiettivo di 90 g CO2/km al 2020; l'obiettivo è quello di ridurre le emissioni di CO2 per le nuove automobili.\n\nEsprimo voto contrario al testo in quanto tali provvedimenti non aiutano il mercato automobilistico europeo, al contrario invece lo penalizzano ulteriormente."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[114] "  Lorenzo Fontana (EFD), per iscritto. − La relazione riguarda la modifica del regolamento (UE) n. 510/2011 per raggiungere l'obiettivo fissato, per il 2020, di ridurre le emissioni di CO2 per i nuovi veicoli commerciali leggeri. Esprimo voto contrario al testo in quanto tale politica risulta essere una sorta di \"riduzione del danno\" per evitare l'approvazione di proposte più dannose, oltre a non risultare essere vincolante per il risollevamento del settore automobilistico europeo, per il quale, al contrario, risulta limitante."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[115] "  Lorenzo Fontana (EFD), per iscritto. − Per finanziare la politica climatica, la Commissione sostiene che il mercato non funzioni correttamente e che, per risolvere questo cattivo funzionamento, si debbano rialzare i prezzi di scambio delle quote di emissioni per gli anni 2013-2015 con riporto nel biennio 2018-2020 (\"backloading\"). Dato che il backloading rappresenta una forma di imposizione occulta all'industria, che il calo della domanda è causato anzitutto dalla recessione e che il pacchetto energetico UE si sta rivelando fallimentare, esprimo voto negativo."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[116] "  Bruno Gollnisch (NI). - Madame la Présidente, je serai très bref, il s'agit vraiment d'une motion d'ordre. Je pense que le vote doit être recommencé et qu'il est nul. En ce qui me concerne, je n'ai pas voté parce que j'ai vu que le rapporteur avait demandé la parole. Et effectivement, comme il le dit lui-même, la parole est de droit avant le vote. Le fait que le rapporteur lui-même demande de voter contre son propre rapport, est un élément capital. Et cet élément capital est de nature à vicier le vote qui a été émis."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[117] "  Bruno Gollnisch (NI), par écrit. – J’ai voté en faveur du rejet de cette proposition, et, a minima, en faveur de son renvoi en commission. Car il me semble que la Commission européenne est un peu contradictoire. Voilà des années que toute sa politique est fondée sur la croyance en l’efficience des marchés, et voilà que sur ce sujet précis, elle se propose de manipuler le marché au motif que les prix de la tonne de CO2 sont trop bas. Il est vrai que le véritable enjeu est idéologique : réalisme économique contre religion du réchauffement climatique. Les majorités opposées obtenues en commissions Industrie et Environnement sont à cet égard symptomatiques. Le problème, c’est que ces prix sont parfaitement justifiés au regard de la crise économique actuelle. Et que si le système est mauvais, alors c’est le système en entier qu’il faut changer, et non pas tenter de rafistoler au coup par coup."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[118] "  Nick Griffin (NI). – Mr President, it would be easy to mock this report. Indeed, it is being laughed at by millions of British voters reading their papers this morning. Coming at a time when the euro disaster is breaking nations and driving desperate people to suicide, this staggering exercise in politically correct sloganising could – had it been on the agenda at the start of this month – easily have been mistaken for an April Fool’s joke. But in truth, this attempt to institutionalise discrimination and contempt against half the population of Europe is not a laughing matter. Men and women are conceived to complement each other for the common good. This proposal is an attempt to sow discord between the sexes, break family values and export EU Frankfurt School poison worldwide, using the excuse of climate change.\n\nSuch incitement to gender-based contempt, division and hate is not a victimless crime. Hundreds of thousands of men are denied access to their children after bitter divorces. Thousands of children are snatched by the state because the crucial importance of fathers and loving, united families is denied and undermined by militant feminism of the sort that underlies this report. Meanwhile, there are real problems out there hurting real people. Voters expect us at least to try to solve them, not to waste our time and their money on sexist anti-male, anti-family gibberish. Ladies and gentlemen, please, let us drop this empty, bigoted sloganising and work together to deal with real problems."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[119] "  Nick Griffin (NI). - Mr President, in discussing Durban, the most obvious question is whether an agreement last year to reach an agreement in three years’ time to do something in eight years’ time is really an agreement at all.\n\nLikewise, one has to ask whether the agreement to create a green climate fund and transfer USD 1 billion a year from hard-pressed taxpayers in countries like Britain to corrupt third world oligarchies reflects a serious threat of global communism or a happily unattainable fantasy. Given the way in which EU Commissioners are forcing economically suicidal spending cuts on the protectorates of Greece and Italy – a move likely to spark a chain-reaction implosion of the entire financial system – the fantasy answer is fortunately the more realistic.\n\nBut the most significant thing about Durban is what was not discussed: climate science. This is no surprise, as it is now crystal clear that the so-called scientific consensus on man-made global warming simply does not exist. It is not just a matter of the thousands of independent scientists who dispute the whole theory: even the warmists themselves now admit that the computer models on which the Anthropogenic Global Warming (AGW) cult is based are simplistic and flawed. The more they learn about feedback mechanisms and the complexity of real climate, the more they realise they do not know. To crucify our taxpayers and de-industrialise our economies in pursuit of the one-world government madness of the United Nations is therefore crazy.\n\nHence the failure of 10 000 well-meaning tax-eaters to agree anything serious in Durban is to be warmly applauded."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[120] "  Nick Griffin (NI). – Mr President, as carbon crooks and One World Government conspirators celebrate their advances at Cancún, UK Prime Minister Dave Cameron declared his satisfaction with the outcome.\n\nAt the end of the coldest first half of December in central England since records began in 1772, Dave is satisfied that the Green Climate Fund will cost British taxpayers GBP 2.9 billion on top of the GBP 18.3 billion a year that the Climate Change Act siphons from British consumers for the corporate crooks in the green industrial complex. Coincidently, GBP 2.9 billion is also the amount the Treasury will save by increasing the debts of British students, condemning them to a lifetime of bondage to the banks.\n\nThat scam has already caused student riots. Taxpayer riots over far bigger scams – bail-outs to corrupt and incompetent banks, propping up the zombie euro and the global warming hoax – are yet to come, but come they will and, unlike Prince Charles and Camilla, their targets will deserve everything they get."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[121] "  Nick Griffin (NI). – Mr President, choosing sunny Mexico for COP 16 was a good move. We should be spared a repeat of last year’s embarrassment, when global warmists shivered in the coldest Copenhagen December for decades. Likewise, using the deceitfully ambiguous term ‘climate change’ rather than ‘global warming’ may blind a few British taxpayers to the irony of holding it just as an unusually cold summer gives way to an early, icy winter. An even better trick would be to hold these events only in the spring: look, it is getting warmer every day.\n\nHow much longer can the fascistic EU impose ever more punitive taxes and controls on ordinary citizens on the pretext of man-made global warming, when an ever-increasing number of real scientists are rejecting the theory as unfounded and demolished? AGW is baseless propaganda, a Josef Goebbels-scale big lie from the green industrial complex because they favour massive transfers of wealth from the little people to carbon-trading crooks, such as Al Gore and Goldman Sachs. And it is being exploited by leftist political elites to complete the deindustrialisation of the west because spineless conservatives are too browbeaten by global warming hysteria to stand up and tell the really inconvenient truth: man-made climate change is the most profitable con trick in history.\n\nThis year’s Bilderberg conference, held in Spain in June, included a session on the dangers of global cooling. When will the new realism of the people who really shape global politics creep in here, among the people who merely think they do?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[122] "  Nick Griffin (NI). – Mr President, after Copenhagen, let us reassess the whole global warming story. At Copenhagen, we had the irony of not just ‘Climategate II’, but also the onset of one of the harshest winters in decades. Since then, we have seen the debunking of the Potsdam sea-level scare; the Goddard Institute has been caught fiddling the temperature records; the vanishing Himalayan glaciers have been exposed as a fantasy; Mr Pachauri has emerged as a climate change profiteer. The world is cooling. Global warming is a fraud.\n\nThis is not a victimless crime. Carbon taxes push up fuel prices, killing our old folk as we speak. The billions wasted researching this non-existent problem are billions that cannot be spent defeating real scourges such as Alzheimer’s, or ending real environmental disasters such as deforestation. Carbon credit trading makes billions for City sharks at the expense of families in poverty. The loss of agricultural land to biofuels has already doubled world food prices, so millions are starving while greedy corporations make even fatter profits.\n\nThose pushing the unscientific nonsense of man-made climate change – Shell, Monsanto, the international banks, Bilderberg one-worlders, carbon billionaires and their useful idiot allies on the left – are running the biggest fraud in human history. They must and will be called to account, as should their collaborators in places such as this."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[123] "  Nick Griffin (NI). – Mr President, everyone agrees that climate change is the biggest challenge facing humanity: that is the constant claim of the political elite, and it is a lie. Everyone does not agree. Thousands of scientists dispute the very existence of man-made global warming, citing natural cyclical changes that saw vineyards in Roman northern England and a Swedish army march over the frozen Baltic to Copenhagen in 1658.\n\nAs an army of global-warming zealots marches to Copenhagen, the truth is that their Orwellian consensus is based not on scientific agreement, but on bullying, censorship and fraudulent statistics. In the words of leading climatologist Professor Lindzen, ‘Future generations will wonder in bemused amazement that the early 21st century’s developed world went into hysterical panic over a globally averaged temperature increase of a few tenths of a degree and, on the basis of gross exaggerations of highly uncertain computer projections, contemplated a rollback of the industrial age’.\n\nIn fact, there will be no bemused amazement, for the reason for this hysteria is clear. It is designed to provide the excuse for a political project of the globalists to replace national democracy with new world order global governance. It has nothing to do with science and everything to do with the globalist common purpose to tax and control us, while making billions for corporations in the green industrial complex. The anti-Western intellectual cranks of the Left suffered a collective breakdown when Communism collapsed. Climate change is their new theology, a secular religious hysteria complete with Pope – Al Gore – carbon-credit indulgences and the persecution of heretics. But the heretics will have a voice in Copenhagen and the truth will out. Climate change is being used to impose an anti-human utopia as deadly as anything conceived by Stalin or Mao."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[124] "  Nick Griffin (NI). – Mr President, there are two overriding themes in this place: first, concern with the growing gulf between the political elite and the ordinary taxpayers. Second, a hysterical obsession with man-made global warming. These two themes are intimately linked.\n\nThe global-warming fixation is a classic example of how the political class here is out of touch with the little people who have to pay the bills. While the EU backs the Copenhagen proposals to further the deindustrialisation of the West and the corporate domination of the Third World, a growing majority of ordinary people regard climate change as an elite scam – an excuse to tax and control us and to impose internationalist dogma and global government at the expense of the nation state. Can you not see the danger in this growing gulf? It is time to look at the facts.\n\nMan-made global warming is an unproven theory based on manipulative statistics. The so-called consensus on the issue is the product not of debate but of the suppression of expert dissent. Before the political class and the green industrial complex dare to impose a single new tax, poisoned light bulb or useless wind farm on the ordinary taxpayer, they need to try to convince the public that global warming is man-made, that returning to the warmer climate of medieval times would be a bad thing and that there is something that Europe – as opposed to the United States, China and India – can actually do about it. Either hold a debate and close the gap between you and the people, or do not complain when we nationalists – the ones who listen to the people – close it for you."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[125] "  Lucas Hartong (NI). - Voorzitter, vandaag debatteren wij over het klimaat- en energiebeleid van de Commissie. Een verschrikkelijk, schadelijk, kostbaar en ineffectief beleid dat zo snel mogelijk van tafel moet.\n\nDat zegt niet alleen de PVV, maar nu ook de Europese Rekenkamer. Deze week verscheen hun analyse van het EU-milieu- en -klimaatbeleid. Daaronder vallen klimaatverandering, water, lucht, milieuzaken, you name it. Hun conclusie? Ik citeer: het beleid werkte niet doeltreffend, omdat het niet goed genoeg was ontworpen en uitgevoerd, het toezicht ontbeerde verder adequate output- en resultaatindicatoren voor de projecten, en er was onvoldoende en geringe duurzaamheid van de projecten.\n\nVoorzitter, in dure bewoordingen betekent dat gewoon een totale flop van het EU-beleid. De Commissie rommelt maar wat aan, heeft geen idee of het effect heeft, en achteraf wordt het niet gecontroleerd. Erger kan eigenlijk niet.\n\nTegelijkertijd geven eurocommissarissen Tajani en Oettinger toe dat het huidige klimaat- en energiebeleid verwoestend is voor de Europese industrie. Brussel maakt onze industrie kapot. Energie wordt onbetaalbaar. Daarom zullen wij hiertegen stemmen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[126] "  Lucas Hartong (NI). – (NL) Madam President, the climate is soon to be discussed in South Africa during the UN conference on climate change. Great! Perhaps that will be an opportunity to finally do something about improving the political and social climate in South Africa, which could be said to be terrible under the current ANC apartheid regime.\n\nImprovements to this are needed in every area. The fight against the huge level of unemployment and lack of prospects facing young people, the fight against the terrible criminality that is past bearing, the tracing and prosecuting of black radicals who murder farmers on their own land, also known as ‘farm murders’, the fight to preserve Afrikaans, the fight against the ANC subordinating its own population, because discrimination based on skin colour is a reality again.\n\nThe delegation of the Dutch Party for Freedom (PVV) therefore strongly supports climate change in South Africa, but these are matters which will definitely not be discussed at this conference. Unfortunately, they will be talking again about the supposed climate change. A theory adhered to by only a few fervent believers. I have the firm impression that global interest in this issue is declining. Even I was urged on a number of occasions to please join the flight to South Africa. Besides, the IPCC itself finally now appears to have realised that there is hardly any global warming to speak of. Let me give you a quotation from the draft report for Durban: ‘The uncertainty about possible changes in climate extremes in the coming decades is quite high, because signals of climate change appear to be quite small compared to natural climate changes’. If the IPCC itself is already openly expressing doubts about the usefulness of Durban, why on earth are members of the European Parliament still going to the conference? Why are we actually still spending our taxpayers’ money on this? The PVV will therefore not be going to Durban. Baie dankie."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[127] "  Lucas Hartong (NI). – (NL) Mr President, Mr Seeber said that the public does not understand the climate debate. I should like to ask him the following: could it be that the public does indeed understand it, but simply has a different opinion from my fellow Member?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[128] "  Lucas Hartong (NI). – (NL) Mr President, next week will see the United Nations climate change conference in Cancún. It is a complete travesty for the EU to participate in this, as there is not, in fact, anything wrong with our climate. What we are experiencing are normal temperature fluctuations. May I dwell a while on the real facts of this superfluous conference? Next week, hundreds of participants will be boarding planes for Mexico, which will generate CO2 emissions. What was the objective of the climate change conference, now? Ah, yes, it was the reduction of CO2 emissions. Currently, 11 000 hectares of mangrove forest are being cleared in Cancún. What was the objective of the climate change conference, again? Oh, yes, it was the protection of forests. Mr President, may I offer the EU some modest advice? Leave climate policy to genuinely independent specialists, as all it does is cost the taxpayer an enormous amount of money; it has delivered nothing in recent decades except for biased reports by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and its charlatan chair Rajendra Pachauri."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[129] "  Roger Helmer (EFD). - Mr President, on energy policy we like to talk about three objectives: energy security, competitiveness and sustainability, although the technologies we use to pursue sustainability are clearly unsustainable. For years we have focused obsessively on green policies and renewables and we have totally ignored both competitiveness and security of supply.\n\nOn competitiveness, we are creating what Industry Commissioner Tajani has called an industrial massacre in Europe. We are driving energy-intensive businesses away off-shore, taking their jobs and their investments with them. Often they go to jurisdictions with lower environmental standards, so we are increasing global emissions while driving jobs out of the EU. We are forcing up domestic energy prices and driving households and pensioners into fuel poverty; thousands of pensioners will die of winter cold as a result of our policies.\n\nRenewable subsidies are profoundly regressive, taking money from poor consumers and giving it to rich landowners, companies and hedge funds. Meantime, America has cheap shale gas, China has cheap coal and the EU cannot compete. On security of supply we are doing little better: countries like Germany once had excellent power supplies but now teeter on the brink of disaster. We need to scrap renewable subsidies; we need to prioritise indigenous resources like shale gas and coal. We are closing nuclear power stations in Germany and coal-fired power plants across Europe. The Commission’s proposal fails to address these problems. It will do nothing to enhance jobs or prosperity. It will hasten European decline."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[130] "  Roger Helmer (EFD). - Mr President, yesterday in this Chamber I had a sharp exchange with our colleague Mr Claude Turmes. He believes that the recent flood tragedy in Sardinia was caused by climate change and that those of us who argue against manmade climate change are, therefore, somehow responsible. I told him that the disaster was caused by the weather. It seems that we were both wrong. Immediately after our exchange, I was approached by our Italian colleague, Ms Susy De Martini, who has followed the issue closely and has met the Mayor of Olbia, Mr Giovanelli. He does not believe that the flood was caused by global warming: he blames the EU’s Stability and Growth Pact, which has denied Sardinia the funding it needs to manage its water courses.\n\nThe flood in Sardinia was caused not by global warming, but by a failure to dredge the river. Ms De Martini is so concerned about this problem she has tabled a written question to Italian Commissioner Antonio Tajani. The House and Mr Turmes may like to note that natural disasters can have much more mundane and down to earth causes than global warming."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[131] "  Roger Helmer, on behalf of the EFD Group. – Mr President, this report represents an heroic attempt to link two of this Parliament’s main obsessions – women’s rights and climate change – but sadly, it fails to achieve that objective. Climate change gets blamed for many things, mostly without justification, but few people will believe that domestic violence against women is caused by climate change or that the low representation of women in government is caused by global warming.\n\nSome will feel it is discriminatory that we do not have a report on men and climate change: after all, men and women live in the same climate, women and men switch on the same lights, televisions and computers, and both men and women inhale oxygen and exhale carbon dioxide.\n\nHowever, the report does make one valid point: that women are less able to respond and adapt in the face of changes such as global warming and its side effects. Mr President, the biggest side effect of global warming is the huge economic damage that our climate mitigation policies are doing. High energy prices and excessive regulation are driving jobs, industries and investment out of the EU altogether to other jurisdictions, typically with lower environmental standards. Sadly, it is probably the case that this will impact more seriously on women and on the poor than on the rest of us. The best thing we can do for women, for the poor of this world, and for all mankind, is to scrap our absurd and damaging climate policies."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[132] "  Roger Helmer (ECR). – Mr President, speaking in a personal capacity, let me remind colleagues that the public has lost faith in man-made global warming. Voters are sick of being blamed for climate change and are no longer prepared to pay for it.\n\nMore and more scientists are going public to challenge climate orthodoxy. The credibility of the IPCC has been shot to pieces. Recent, minor climate changes are entirely consistent with well-established, long-term natural climate cycles. Copenhagen failed for the same reason that Cancún will fail. The USA, with its new Republican majority in the House, will not buy Cap and Trade. India and China will not forego progress in the name of climate alarmism. Our green policies are probably unnecessary, certainly ineffectual and ruinously expensive.\n\nIf Europe acts alone, we will destroy our economies and impoverish our grandchildren, while making no impact on climate. We are embracing poverty by choice in the name of a disputed scientific theory. It is time to change course."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[133] "  Roger Helmer (ECR). – Mr President, I have good news for the House: in common with many scientists, I personally have concluded that there is no climate crisis! Global sea levels are not rising significantly and, as the IPCC has been forced to admit, Himalayan glaciers are not in rapid retreat. The small increase in mean global temperatures over the last hundred years is entirely consistent with well-established, long-term, natural climate changes.\n\nCopenhagen showed that many nations, especially China and India, are simply not prepared to sacrifice economic performance to solve an entirely speculative problem. In Britain, a majority of voters no longer believe in man-made climate change and they will not pay for futile and pointless attempts at mitigation. The recent leaked CRU memos show that even the high priests of climate alarmism are in despair at the failure of nature to follow their forecasts, so they are falsifying the figures to sustain their fantasy.\n\nWe must now demand a full public inquiry into the suspect data before we spend another penny on mitigation."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[134] "  Béla Kovács (NI), írásban. − Értelmetlen a CO2 kibocsátás ilyetén favorizálása, inkább a mikroszemcséskorom-emissziót kellene sürgősen csökkenteni, mert az milliószor veszélyesebb a CO2-nél. Mind az allergiás, mind a daganatos betegségek rohamos terjedésének az egyik oka az egyre takarékosabb és „tisztább” motorok elterjedése, melyek „mellékesen” mikroszkopikus koromszemcséket termelnek. Ezek a rákkeltő szemcsék az élő szervezetek minden zugába eljutnak, de a korom hatására lesz allergén például a különben ártalmatlan parlagfű, mely régebben ambrózia néven fűszer- és gyógynövény volt! Ha a CO2 közlekedési kibocsátáscsökkentés a cél, arra a legjobb a gázautó vagy elektromos autó. Ha a CO2 légköri csökkentése a cél, akkor erdőket kell telepíteni és óvni kell a trópusi esőerdőket. Ha pedig felesleges költségekbe akarjuk verni az embereket és a kkv-kat, akkor ennek a jelentésnek az elfogadása a megoldás."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[135] "  Jean-Marie Le Pen (NI). – (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I have been personally censured by a fellow Member for my statements about the massacre in Norway, and let me tell you that it is a lie. In condemning the Norwegian Government’s naivety for having failed in its security obligations, I was actually making a political judgment about Norwegian policy. States are responsible for protecting their citizens; however there was not a single police officer on the island."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[136] "  Jean-Marie Le Pen (NI). – (FR) Mr President, I have been attacked by the paedophile Mr Cohn-Bendit and I am entitled to reply. I am entitled to remind you that he was censured in this House for having harboured a terrorist from the Red Army Faction and that he supported the Cambodians. I have the right to defend my honour. You may be President of this House, but I am the second oldest member."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[137] "  Jean-Marie Le Pen (NI). – (FR) Mr President, you cut off my mike, even though I had not finished my speech. I have the right to defend myself if my honour is being attacked: that is the least one might ask. Will you let me speak? It is quite clear: I said that the Norwegian Government was naive because it had not made security provisions, either on the island or behind it. It took the police an hour and a half to arrive at the scene of the crime. I think it is right that a Member of the European Parliament should be able to express his opinion on the attitude of a government that is part of Europe."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[138] "  Jean-Marie Le Pen (NI). – (FR) Mr President, you are preventing me from speaking: anyone would think we were among the Bolsheviks!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[139] "  Andreas Mölzer (NI), schriftlich. - Wir haben für den im Trilog ausgehandelten Kompromiß gestimmt. Es macht keinen Sinn, die europäischen Airlines im internationalen Wettbewerb gegenüber den Konkurrenten zu benachteiligen. Eine Regelung muss für die Zukunft weltweit getroffen werden. Fluggesellschaften, die hauptsächlich innerhalb der Union verkehren, haben gegenüber Unternehmen, die Flüge innerhalb der Union quersubventionieren können, einen Wettbewerbsnachteil. Dank unserer Stimme konnte dies verhindert werden."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[140] "  Andreas Mölzer (NI), schriftlich. - Zweifellos ist es wichtig den immer weiter steigenden globalen CO2-Ausstoß einzudämmen bzw. auf lange Sicht zu reduzieren, um unerwünschte Veränderungen in unserer Umwelt entgegenzuwirken und um die erschöpflichen fossilen Energiequellen zu schonen. Andererseits ist es wichtig, dass diese Ziele nicht nur von Europa, sondern von der ganzen Welt verfolgt werden. Daher muss man auch die negativen Folgen einer zu raschen und drastischen Einschränkung für unsere Industrie in Betracht ziehen. Die Autoindustrie hat in den letzten Jahren massiv in die Reduktion der Abgase und des CO2-Ausstoßes investiert. Selbstverständlich muss es weiter in diese Richtung gehen. Dies darf aber nicht dazu führen, dass sich die Produktion in Länder verlagert, denen die Reduktion des CO2-Ausstoßes nicht am Herzen liegt, während bei uns die Arbeitsplätze verloren gehen. Da ich die eingeschlagene Richtung für richtig halte, die Maßnahmen jedoch abgestufter erfolgen sollten, habe ich mich der Stimme enthalten."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[141] "  Andreas Mölzer (NI), schriftlich. - Die Energiestrategie der EU ist darauf ausgerichtet, langfristig drei Ziele zugleich erreichen zu wollen: Die EU will den Klimawandel bekämpfen, die durch die hohe Importabhängigkeit bei fossilen Brennstoffen entstehende externe Verwundbarkeit der EU dämpfen und mittels einer wettbewerbsfähigen Energieversorgung Wachstum und Beschäftigung fördern. Betrachtet man den EU-Gesamtenergiemix, so halten die fossilen Energieträger Öl (36,9 %), Gas (24 %) und Kohle (17,8 %) nach wie vor die größten Anteile. Atomenergie macht 14 % aus und die erneuerbaren Energieträger kommen auf 7,1 %. Die Importabhängigkeit ist bei Rohöl mit 84 % und bei Erdgas mit 61 % schon jetzt sehr hoch. Ich habe gegen den Bericht gestimmt, da ich die Meinung vertrete, dass die einzelnen Mitgliedstaaten sich vermehrt um eine autonome Energieversorgung kümmern sollten."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[142] "  Andreas Mölzer (NI), schriftlich. - Bei all den hehren Idealen und Zielen in Sachen Umweltschutz und Volksgesundheit darf nicht außer Acht gelassen werden, dass die wahren Umweltsünder die USA und China sind, die von ihrer Rücksichtslosigkeit gegenüber der Natur keinen wirtschaftlichen Nachteil haben. Diese sind zunächst gefordert, ihre Umweltpolitik zu ändern. Die EU ist aufgefordert, im Interesse der eigenen Wirtschaft und der Beschäftigung zu agieren und ihre Umweltpolitik auf globale wirtschaftliche Konkurrenzsituationen abzustimmen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[143] "  Andreas Mölzer (NI), schriftlich. − Das 2005 EU-weit eingeführte System soll zu schadstoffärmerer Produktion führen. Weiters soll das Geld, das mit dem Verkauf von Rechten eingenommen wird, in die Forschung und Entwicklung schadstoffärmerer Technologien investiert werden. Da seit der Einführung der Emissionszertifikate relativ wenig in Sachen erneuerbare Energie getan wurde und gleichzeitig auch ein Ungleichgewicht entstanden ist, da einige Staaten sich an die Vorgaben halten, andere jedoch weiterhin einen sehr hohen CO2 -Ausstoß haben, habe ich dagegen gestimmt. Außerdem ist anzumerken, dass das Zertifikatesystem eine Bedrohung für Arbeitsplätze in Europa darstellt, wenn sich nur die Europäer an Vorgaben im Klimaschutz halten."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[144] "  Andreas Mölzer (NI), schriftlich. − Das Umwelt- und Klimapolitik-Programm „LIFE“ verfolgt in erster Linie folgende Ziele: Klimaschutz, Anpassung an den Klimawandel als bereichsübergreifender Schwerpunkt der EU sowie der Verwaltungspraxis und Sensibilisierungsmaßnahmen. Das neue „LIFE-Programm“, das für den Zeitraum vom 1.1.2014 bis 31.12.2020 aufgestellt wird, soll zu einer nachhaltigen Entwicklung und zur Erreichung der Zielsetzungen und Einzelziele der Strategie Europa 2020 beitragen. Konkret soll mit diesem Programm ein Beitrag zum Übergang zu einer ressourcenschonenden, CO2-emissionsarmen und klimaresistenten Wirtschaft, zum Schutz und zur Verbesserung der Umweltqualität sowie zur Eindämmung und Umkehr des Verlusts an biologischer Vielfalt geleistet werden. Ich habe gegen den Bericht gestimmt, da ich der Ansicht bin, dass Klimaschutz, wie er in der jetzigen Form besteht, wenig Sinn macht, solange die „Global Players“ wie etwa die USA, China und Russland nicht mitziehen und ebenfalls Bereitschaft zeigen, Änderungen herbeizuführen. Zudem ist es, wie auch Studien und wissenschaftliche Berichte immer wieder zeigen, immer noch nicht erwiesen, inwieweit tatsächlich der Mensch Schuld am – ebenfalls nur angeblichen – Klimawandel hat. Aus diesen Gründen bin ich auch gegen eine Erhöhung des Finanzrahmens für das „LIFE“-Programm."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[145] "  Andreas Mölzer (NI), schriftlich. − Klimaschutz ist eine Investition in zukünftige Lebensqualität. Während führende Industrieländer wie die USA, Japan oder Deutschland daran arbeiten, den Ausstoß des klimaschädlichen CO2 zu senken, steigen die Emissionen in Schwellenländern wie China oder Indien. Diese Entwicklung ist allerdings sehr differenziert zu betrachten. Denn wenn im Namen der CO2-Bekämpfung auf AKW gesetzt wird, kann von klima- und umweltfreundlich wohl keine Rede sein. Statt eines Zertifikatehandels, mit dessen versteckter Entwicklungshilfe der Gesamtausstoß keineswegs weniger, sondern bestenfalls umverteilt wird, und eine Umfärbung von AKW in klimafreundliche Anlagen, braucht es mehr Förderung von erneuerbaren Energien, mehr Energieeffizienz und Altbausanierungen. Diese Überlegungen sind in mein Abstimmungsverhalten eingeflossen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[146] "  Andreas Mölzer (NI), schriftlich. − Das Emissionshandelssystem (ETS) beinhaltet die Versteigerung von Verschmutzungsrechten, sogenannten Zertifikaten. Grundidee dahinter ist, dass bestimmte Betriebe nur so viel Kohlendioxid ausstoßen dürfen, wie sie dafür Rechte haben, sonst müssen sie an einer Börse Rechte von einem sparsameren Betrieb dazukaufen. Das 2005 EU-weit eingeführte System soll zu schadstoffärmerer Produktion führen. Weiters soll das Geld, das mit dem Verkauf von Rechten eingenommen wird, in die Forschung und Entwicklung schadstoffärmerer Technologien investiert werden. Da seit der Einführung der Emissionszertifikate relativ wenig in Sachen erneuerbare Energie getan wurde und gleichzeitig auch ein Ungleichgewicht entstanden ist, da einige Staaten sich an die Vorgaben halten, andere jedoch weiterhin einen sehr hohen CO2-Ausstoß haben, habe ich dagegen gestimmt. Außerdem ist anzumerken, dass das Zertifikatesystem eine Bedrohung für Arbeitsplätze in Europa darstellt, wenn sich nur die Europäer an Vorgaben im Klimaschutz halten."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[147] "  Andreas Mölzer (NI). - Herr Präsident! So lange nur die EU, die für 15 % der weltweiten Kohlendioxidemissionen verantwortlich ist, mit gutem Beispiel vorangehen will, während sich die großen Klimasünder – Indien, China, Südkorea, Japan, Australien und die USA – kaum um die Umwelt scheren, bleibt der EU-Zertifikatehandel bestenfalls eine nette Geste. Bis dato ist es ja nicht einmal in der EU gelungen, die erwarteten positiven Effekte zu erreichen. Rückschläge standen zu erwarten, aber mit einem durch eine derart lang anhaltende Rezession bedingten Preisverfall hat wohl keiner gerechnet. Und wenn die Unternehmer ihre Zertifikate in diesem Zeitraum einsparen, wird sich daran wohl länger nichts ändern. Ob eine Änderung des zeitlichen Ablaufs bei der Versteigerung von Zertifikaten daran etwas ändern kann, bleibt zu bezweifeln, und es schafft das Grundproblem nicht aus der Welt.\n\nSo lange nämlich die jährlichen Ausgaben für Zertifikate das Zigfache der Förderungen für erneuerbare Energien betragen, bleibt das System an sich meines Erachtens eine Fehlkonstruktion!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[148] "  Andreas Mölzer (NI). - Herr Präsident! Bis dato hat es der Emissionshandel weder geschafft, die CO2-Produktion signifikant zu reduzieren, noch einen Aufschwung umweltfreundlicher Technologien bewirkt. So lange mit dem Griff in die Trickkiste emissionsschwere beziehungsweise umweltzerstörerische Technologien ungestört weitermachen können, bleibt der Zertifikatehandel meines Erachtens sinnlos. Mit der derzeitigen Ausgestaltung erweisen wir also gerade jenen europäischen Firmen, die seit Jahrzehnten die Vorreiterrolle in Sachen Umweltschutz einnehmen, einen Bärendienst.\n\nAbgesehen davon, dass die großzügige Austeilung von kostenlosen Zertifikaten an einige Branchen zu einem unfairen Wettbewerb mit jenen Branchen geführt hat, die durch ihre hohe Energieintensität bei der Gratisvergabe unter den Rost gefallen sind. Der Erfolg des Zertifikatehandels bleibt aber, selbst wenn sämtliche Betrugsmöglichkeiten und Tricksereien ausgeschaltet werden, fragwürdig. Das System muss endlich so umgestaltet werden, dass es wirklich Anreize für CO2-sparende Innovationen setzt."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[149] "  Andreas Mölzer (NI), schriftlich. – Der Emissionshandel ist eine Fehlkonstruktion. So lohnt sich etwa derzeit angesichts des Preisverfalls der CO2-Zertifikate und der infolge der aktuell preiswerten Kohle die klimaschädliche Kohlestromversorgung. Und in der EU sollen sogar rund 50 neue Anlagen geplant bzw. im Bau befindlich sein. Auch in der Automobilbranche gibt es Überlegungen, Emissions-Strafzahlungen für SUV zu verhindern. Dabei muss der Kommission klar sein, dass die geplanten Super-Credits für Plug-in-Hybride den Verkauf der vergleichsweise „emissionsschweren“ Geländewagen beschleunigen, statt Anreize für CO2 sparende Innovationen zu setzten. Wenn wir Lösungen für Klimaschutz suchen, dann muss dem Betrug mit Emissionszertifikaten jedenfalls ein Ende bereitet werden. Keinesfalls dürfen Emissionszertifikate weiterhin zu Fällen sogenannten Karussellbetrugs im Mehrwertsteuer-Bereich führen. Der Erfolg des Zertifikatenhandels, mit dessen versteckter Entwicklungshilfe der Gesamtausstoß keineswegs weniger wird, sondern bestenfalls umverteilt wird, bleibt aber – selbst wenn sämtliche Betrugsmöglichkeiten ausgeschaltet werden – fragwürdig. Wenn die jährlichen Ausgaben für Zertifikate das Zigfache der Förderungen für erneuerbare Energien betragen, wird hier einer Fehlentwicklung Vorschub geleistet. Der Emissionshandel muss langfristig also entweder von Grund auf umgebaut oder ganz abgeschafft werden."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[150] "  Claudio Morganti (EFD), per iscritto. − Ho votato a favore del respingimento della proposta della Commissione europea, volta a modificare artificiosamente il prezzo per le quote di emissione ETS. Con l'introduzione di questo meccanismo, di per sé piuttosto discutibile, si era deciso di vendere queste quote sul libero mercato, con i prezzi decisi dalla domanda e dall'offerta.\n\nLa Commissione europea si è trovata spiazzata da un drastico calo del costo di queste emissioni, che invero dovrebbe invece essere valutato positivamente, in quanto si otterrebbe l'obiettivo ambientale prefissato con un minor costo a carico di chi produce e inquina. E la parola inquinamento non va intesa nel senso usuale e negativo del termine, bensì come ovvio risultato di un processo produttivo, che non è perciò assolutamente possibile eliminare.\n\nL'Unione europea farebbe bene a chiedersi il perché del calo dei prezzi di questo sistema, che è da ricercarsi proprio nella minor produttività dell'industria europea: se la misura sul back-loading fosse passata, sicuramente la situazione sarebbe ancora drammaticamente peggiorata, e in un periodo di crisi come questo non possiamo assolutamente permetterci che altre aziende chiudano, con un conseguente, prevedibile e insostenibile, calo occupazionale."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[151] "  Claudio Morganti (EFD), per iscritto. − Credo che in quest'Aula siamo tutti a favore del rispetto e della tutela ambientale e climatica ai massimi livelli. È bene che l'Europa dia l'esempio, ma senza che questo voglia dire imporre obblighi eccessivi e difficili da rispettare. La questione climatica e ambientale è molto complessa e per sua stessa natura globale: le regole e i principi vanno stabiliti nel più ampio contesto possibile, laddove capita troppo spesso che l'Europa si trovi ad agire isolata, poiché altri grandi Paesi antepongono i loro interessi economici e commerciali alla salvaguardia del Pianeta.\n\nIo ovviamente non dico che dobbiamo adeguarci al ribasso ma bisogna prestare la massima attenzione affinché non si corra il rischio di imporre norme troppo restrittive e dall'efficacia non sempre dimostrabile, che possono portare ad effetti depressivi sull'intera economia europea."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[152] "  Paul Nuttall (EFD). – Mr President, I hope everyone enjoyed Cancún. It is a lovely place but I am a bit disappointed to see that none of them has a suntan.\n\nWell, I suppose that is to be expected really because, while many of you were out there lecturing us on how we need to change our lifestyles to combat global warming, it was actually the coldest week that Mexican city had seen for over a hundred years.\n\nBack in the UK, we have also had the spectacle of scientists trying to suggest that one of the coldest Novembers we have seen in the last hundred years was actually caused by global warming. Do these people think we were born yesterday? This also explains why even more British people now believe that global warming is a scam and a way to raise taxes and exert control. But what have you actually achieved in Cancún beyond handing over masses of taxpayers’ money in the guise of the Green Climate Fund, which I suggest will end up being a lucky bag for African dictators to buy themselves more Mercedes Benzes and private jets?\n\nPersonally, I think the name of the Green Climate Fund should be changed, and I think the ‘Politics of Envy Fund’ would be better and closer to the truth.\n\n(The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149(8))"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[153] "  Paul Nuttall (EFD). – You are giving the game away there, because what you are talking about is world governments, politicians. We are talking about scientists here. Science is a slow process, evidence has to be studied and deciphered, but politics is a quicker game and politics is running ahead of the science; that is where the problem lies. The fact of the matter is that the globe is actually not warming; it has not warmed since 1998. So the game is up, people are finding out that you have a problem. What you are doing is conning people; it is a scam and the people are finding you out."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[154] "  Paul Nuttall (EFD). – Madam President, contrary to the belief of the Commission, the debate regarding man-made climate change is far from over.\n\nIn the past month alone, we have had the scandal of the University of East Anglia; then we have had the debacle over the Himalayan glaciers and now, we have got questions over the effect climate change will have on wildlife in the Amazon.\n\nResearch has shown that at least 20 passages in the IPCC’s report cite non-peer-reviewed World Wildlife Fund or Greenpeace reports as authority. This is not science. We need solid, peer-reviewed scientific evidence, not the work of pressure groups using climate change to further their own agendas or politicians who use climate change to justify the existence of the European Union.\n\nI would like to ask whether it is now time to pause, to take stock and consider the ramifications of bounding ahead with policies that could damage economies, result in job losses or potentially result in energy chaos."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[155] "  Paul Nuttall (EFD). – Mr President, I have just heard a Socialist colleague over there talking about Greenland and the ice melting in Greenland.\n\nThe question I would like to ask on this subject is: why is Greenland called Greenland? Is it perhaps because Greenland was once green when the world was hotter?\n\nIt seems that the British people are onto this, because a recent opinion poll in The Times newspaper clearly shows that the British people no longer believe in so-called man-made global warming.\n\nThe British people are very astute and they are clear that politicians have hijacked the environmentalist agenda. It is being cynically used to raise taxes, to exert control, and now it is being used by the European Union to justify its own existence.\n\nThis week, we have also had the spectacle of one of the leading climate-research centres in the UK, which advises the government, being caught altering data and stifling debate. It is an absolute disgrace.\n\nI look forward to Copenhagen, when the political class is sitting around the table awkwardly failing to mention the giant elephant in the room, which is that the globe has not actually warmed for the past 10 years."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[156] "  Franz Obermayr (NI), schriftlich. - Bisher war der Luftverkehr aus dem CO2-Emissionsverpflichtungen ausgenommen, was heißt, dass er für die von ihm verursachten CO2-Belastungen nicht aufkommen musste. Seit Jahren wird versucht, hier eine Einigung zu erzielen. Das Kernproblem sind dabei Flüge, welche innerhalb der Union starten/enden, aber in einem Drittland enden/starten. Sie sollen voll unter den Zertifikatzwang fallen. Die Regierungen/Interessengruppen der Drittländer üben erheblichen Druck aus, dass nur innereuropäische Flüge erfasst werden, was somit den Großteil der Flüge ausschließen würde, z.B. einen von London nach Istanbul. Die Kommission hat hier einen Kompromiss vorgeschlagen, gemäß dem die Flugstrecke über dem europäischen Luftraum ausschlaggebend sein soll. Bei einem Flug von London nach Istanbul wäre das also der Großteil des Fluges. Diesen Vorschlag erachte ich als sinnvoll und fair. Blieben wir bei der Vorgabe, nur Inner-EU-Flüge heranzuziehen, würden nur ca. 20% der Emissionen erfasst werden, welche durch Flüge von oder zu EU-Flughäfen entstehen. Durch den Kommissionsvorschlag wären es 40%. Außerdem wäre ein simples Nachgeben der EU gegenüber den Forderungen der Drittstaaten eine traurige Kapitulation und wenig vorbildhaft für die Vorreiterrolle der EU. Daher habe ich für den Bericht gestimmt."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[157] "  Franz Obermayr (NI), schriftlich. - Die Zielsetzung, die CO2-Emissionen von Kraftfahrzeugen bis 2020 deutlich zu reduzieren, bedeutet vor allem, den Kraftstoffverbrauch deutlich zu reduzieren. Dieses Ziel ist im Hinblick auf einen schonenden Umgang mit fossilen Rohstoffen, die Senkung der CO2-Belastung und die Reduzierung unserer Abhängigkeit vom Erdöl durch Innovationsförderung durchaus sinnvoll. Allerdings fehlen in dem Bericht klare Aussagen für die Zeit nach 2020. Wenngleich dies zum Teil auf den heute nicht absehbaren technologischen Fortschritt zurückzuführen ist, könnte eine Richtlinie zur weiteren Entwicklung die Planungssicherheit der Automobilhersteller erhöhen, insbesondere da sie die bisherige Zielsetzung für 2020 nach den gängigen, aber veralteten Prüfverfahren (zum CO2-Ausstoß) wohl erreichen werden. So umfasst der Bericht folglich eine Reihe positiver Ansätze, aber mit erheblichen Lücken. In Summe habe ich mich der Abstimmung daher enthalten."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[158] "  Franz Obermayr (NI), schriftlich. - Die EU-Klimaziele für 2030 sind im Wesentlichen nur eine sture Forderung nach prozentuellen Fortschritten. Es fehlen neue Umsetzungsgedanken. Die Klimaziele 2020 wurden erst vor ein paar Jahren definiert. Das Resultat sind Staubsaugerregularien und Glühbirnen-Hickhack, da die Energiewirtschaft das alleine nicht stemmen kann und konnte.\n\nZudem plant die Kommission Dekaden voraus, und das auf Basis fragwürdiger, d.h. veralteter Daten, wie das Deutsche Institut für Wirtschaftsforschung (DIW) deutlich zeigt. Aber unabhängig davon wird die reine Festsetzung von Prozentzielen zu einem Problem führen: Die bisherigen Einsparungen waren noch machbar, ohne zu brutalen Konflikten mit der Energiepolitik und der Industriepolitik zu führen. Bereits jetzt führte die Klimapolitik in Deutschland, einem Vorreiterland der Klimaziele 2020, zu einem erheblichen Anstieg der Energiepreise. Sie sind derzeit dort seit Jahren größtes realwirtschaftliches Wachstumshemmnis.\n\nGleichzeitig plant die EU die Reindustrialisierung von Europa, um Arbeitsplätze und Wettbewerbsfähigkeit zu erhöhen. Ein Blick in die Geschichtsbücher würde offenbaren, dass günstige Energie dafür immer eine klare Notwendigkeit war. Die EU steuert mit voller Kraft in die Gegenrichtung. Kurzum werden die Klimaziele ohne eine durchdachte Abstimmung mit der Energie- und Industriepolitik entweder scheitern oder den anderen beiden erheblichen Schaden zufügen: Wettbewerbsfähigkeit und Arbeitsplätze in der EU würden dann leiden. Aus diesen Erwägungsgründen habe ich den vorliegenden Bericht abgelehnt."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[159] "  Franz Obermayr (NI). - Frau Präsidentin! Die grundlegenden strategischen Ziele der EU-Klimapolitik sind durchaus anständig und weitestgehend auch aufrichtig. Die verwendete Taktik allerdings ist unzulänglich. Eine neue Klimastudie beweist, was wir schon seit Jahren weltweit sehen: Der Mensch handelt hauptsächlich auf Basis kurzfristiger Anreize, vage Aussichten zum Nutzen zukünftiger Generationen reichen leider als Motivation alleine nicht aus. Folglich müssen wir auch unsere Taktik neu ausrichten. Wir benötigen unmittelbare und kurzfristige Anreize, um Bürger und Unternehmen zum Umdenken zu bringen. Klimafreundliche Technologie sowie grundlegende finanzielle Anreize zu deren Entwicklung, Nutzung und Export sollten hier in diesem Zusammenhang mehr in den Vordergrund rücken. So kann der materielle Gewinn hier und jetzt auch wesentlich ein Katalysator des Klimawandels werden."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[160] "  Franz Obermayr (NI). – (DE) Mr President, the longest climate conference ever held has ultimately only produced one thing: hot air. The EU and the other Kyoto states have committed to new climate targets for 2013, but these countries are only responsible for 15% of global greenhouse gas emissions. In contrast, the main polluters – China and the US – have not signed the Kyoto Protocol and were not prepared to agree in Durban on common goals for 2013.\n\nTherefore, we need to consider carefully what we can do ourselves, for example, subsidies for public transport and agriculture. While imported kiwi fruit are so cheap that native fruit is allowed to fall to the ground and rot and while animals are transported all across Europe, we will still be saddling ourselves with unnecessary environmental problems. We must focus on our regional economic cycles and we must not shut down our industry because it is no longer competitive internationally when other global players are failing to follow the ground rules or even to accept them in the first place."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[161] "  Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing. – (DE) Fossil fuels are still subsidised all over the world to the tune of USD 409 billion each year. Part of this funding comes from sources which should be used to combat climate change. Coal is the fossil fuel which is most harmful to the climate. However, new coal-fired power stations are constantly being built, particularly in China and India. International funding for combating climate change offers a paradoxical incentive. The argument goes that, without the subsidies, power stations with even higher levels of emissions would have to be built. In this way, Chinese companies are earning millions in subsidies. The same game is being played with funding for disposing of refrigerants that are harmful to the climate. This continued until it became obvious that production was being increased in China specifically to obtain subsidies. Any country that wants to be a global player must take responsibility for the environment. Subsidies that clearly fail to achieve the desired objective must be stopped. We must not allow Europe to impose restrictions on its own industry and, at the same time, to help finance coal-fired power stations in China and India."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[162] "  Franz Obermayr (NI). – (DE) Madam President, climate protection and sustainable development are subjects that – we are supposed to believe – affect us all. Yet there can be no satisfactory progress without close collaboration, in particular, amongst the global players. While the United States and China refuse to lay down common, binding greenhouse gas reduction targets, all that can be adopted in Copenhagen – as the UN’s chief climate official tellingly observed – are morally binding resolutions, in other words, toothless ones.\n\nLet me say something about nuclear power. Nuclear power is definitely not the solution to the problem. The benefits are minimal, the costs enormous and the risks very high. I therefore support a resolution that has been drawn up by the anti-nuclear power delegate of my home region of Upper Austria, which calls on the EU to introduce a levy on nuclear power. This idea makes sense, because it would mean that trade in emissions certificates would not be weighted in favour of nuclear power."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[163] "  Jaroslav Paška (EFD) - Niet pochýb o tom, že návrh Komisie na stiahnutie 900 miliónov kvót zo systému obchodovania s emisiami Európskej únie bude veľkým zásahom do súčasného uhlíkového trhu. Dôsledkom tohto opatrenia bude, prirodzene, zvýšenie ceny uhlíka, čo na jednej strane môže vyvolať tlak na znečisťovateľov, aby intenzívnejšie inovovali svoje technológie, na druhej strane však sa okamžite premietne do zvýšenia cien v mnohých priemyselných produktoch, čo v konečnom dôsledku zaplatia len naši občania. Otázkou preto ostáva, či je múdre otvárať takúto citlivú tému v období, keď nám priemyselná produkcia upadá a významní európski producenti z dôvodu insitného a byrokratického riadenia hospodárskej politiky Únie utekajú do iných končín sveta."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[164] "  Jaroslav Paška (EFD) - Návrh Komisie na pozastavenie uplatňovania systému obchodovania s emisiami Európskej únie na medzikontinentálne lety v roku 2012 je zdôvodnené tým, že Európska komisia chce týmto gestom zlepšiť vyhliadky na úspešný výsledok vytvorenia celosvetových trhových opatrení v oblasti medzinárodného letectva na nadchádzajúcom valnom zhromaždení Medzinárodnej organizácie civilného letectva v septembri v roku 2013. Nechcem dnes polemizovať o zmysluplnosti nášho gesta. Chcem poukázať na technické problémy, ktoré budú našu veľkorysosť sprevádzať. Budeme musieť totiž asi dopracovať mechanizmy pre vrátenie emisných kvót vzťahujúcich sa na rok 2012 tak, aby nedošlo k narušeniu hospodárskej súťaže a aby všetky transakcie prebehli korektne a transparentne. Globálna dohoda na pôde ICAO v tejto veci by iste bola veľkým úspechom. Treba sa však reálne pripraviť aj na to, že napriek nášmu úsiliu v dostupnom čase k takejto dohode nedôjde."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[165] "  Jaroslav Paška (EFD). - Na nadchádzajúcom rokovaní konferencie strán rámcového dohovoru OSN o zmene klímy v závere tohto roku by sme sa mali usilovať posunúť dopredu s presadzovaním našich skromných cieľov. Skúsenosti s koordináciou našej pozície s politikami členských štátov pri príprave pozície Európskej únie na konferencii v katarskej Dauhe by nám mohli pomôcť k tomu, aby reprezentanti Európskej únie na Varšavskej konferencii prezentovali jednotné stanoviská v záujme dosiahnutia čo najvýraznejšieho pokroku. Preto je potrebné, aby Európska komisia v dostatočnom predstihu rokovala s členskými štátmi o spoločných postojoch k parciálnym témam a oboznámila tak tieto štáty s cieľmi, ktoré chce vo Varšave dosiahnuť. V záujme reálneho nastavenia našich cieľov a očakávaní z Varšavskej a následnej Parížskej konferencie by bolo možno užitočné vopred poznať aj isté posuny v pozíciách ďalších krajín, najmä Číny a Spojených štátov amerických, ktoré by nám umožnili koncentrovať sa na tie oblasti, v ktorých budú účastníci konferencie ochotní podporiť významnejší pokrok."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[166] "  Jaroslav Paška (EFD). – (SK) Madam President, the European Union does much for the gradual improvement of the climate. It is a leader within the global community when it comes to proposing and promoting effective measures for reducing carbon dioxide emissions. Actual knowledge shows, however, that saving the climate will require a more complex approach to anthropogenic emissions. It turns out that, as stated in the submitted question, we should gradually begin to limit the production and consumption of hydrofluorocarbons, reduce coal emissions and reduce the production of gases contributing to the creation of tropospheric ozone. In the increased effort for an immediate reduction in the production and consumption of hydrofluorocarbons at the international level, we can already rely on the provisions of the Montreal Protocol. Experience from the current behaviour of the global community shows us, however, that even more measures for climate improvement will have to be drawn up and initiated, and perhaps here in Europe. The sooner we make a start with this, the sooner will the other countries of the world be able to join our efforts at climate improvement."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[167] "  Jaroslav Paška (EFD). – (SK) Chcel by som vo svojom vystúpení upozorniť na stanovisko výboru pre priemysel, ktorý v bode 3 stanoviska poukazuje na skutočnosť, že súčasné ustanovenia politiky Európskej komisie v oblasti zmeny klímy vedú k premiestňovaniu výroby z Európy, a obávam sa, že najbližšie navýšenie cien emisií oxidu uhličitého by túto tendenciu mohlo ešte viac zvýrazniť.\n\nSúčasne upozorňuje na to, že aktuálne zníženie produkcií emisií v Európe nie je možné interpretovať ako signál, že Európska únia je na ceste k dosiahnutiu cieľa znižovania emisií. Skôr to treba hodnotiť ako dôsledok zníženia priemyselnej produkcie a premiestňovanie výroby z Európy, v dôsledku čoho v Európe rastie nezamestnanosť. Preto som presvedčený, že cesta k zníženiu emisií skleníkových plynov vedie cez dôslednejšie presadzovanie inovácií nových zelených technológií, aby sme potrebu ochrany ovzdušia neriešili len administratívnymi a finančnými nástrojmi, ale skôr podporou výskumu a uplatnenia nových technológií do reálneho života."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[168] "  Jaroslav Paška (EFD). - (SK) Aktuálne štúdie dosahov zmeny klímy na lesy v Európe indikujú široké spektrum špeciálnych regionálnych odoziev lesných ekosystémov.\n\nSchopnosť poradiť si s povahou a rozsahom očakávaných problémov je závislá na prirodzených podmienkach daného regiónu – horské oblasti sú napríklad vystavené iným problémom ako nížinné oblasti – , ďalej na fyziologickej citlivosti lesnej vegetácie a na pripravenom adaptačnom potenciáli jednotlivých ekosystémov, ďalej na predpokladanej intenzite zmeny klímy pre strednú a východnú Európu je napríklad projektovaná zmena jeden a pol krát silnejšia ako globálny priemer a na technických možnostiach lesného hospodárstva uskutočniť adaptačné opatrenia, napríklad zmenou drevnatého zloženia v prospech rezistentných druhov. Preto je nesmierne dôležité zohľadňovať pri navrhovaní ochranných a adaptačných opatrení miestne a regionálne špecifiká, rešpektujúce osobitné parametre chránených biotopov."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[169] "  Jaroslav Paška, on behalf of the EFD Group. – (SK) Mr President, Chinese official circles have long found it irksome to have references to other ancient and important cultures and civilisations whose monuments are today located in Chinese territory.\n\nKashgar is the centre of the Muslim Uyghurs – one of the largest ethnic minorities in China. For millennia, the Chinese tried to subdue the lands of the Uyghurs, and many times they failed in their fight to subdue these lands. Even today, therefore, there is a certain aloofness in the position of the Chinese administration, and an effort to suppress any manifestation of the cultural traditions and identity that are linked to the rich cultural monuments of the Uyghurs and the city of Kashgar.\n\nI am not sure whether the official Chinese bodies are today capable of accepting the philosophy that the current Chinese state is built not only on the traditions and history of the Chinese empire, but also on the traditions and histories of other peoples. The behaviour of the Chinese towards Tibet, and towards the Uyghur monuments in Kashgar, bears witness rather to the fact that today’s China is incapable of appreciating the wealth which other peoples and other cultures have brought to its shared state.\n\nIt is therefore right to state from this place that we, in contrast to the Chinese authorities, appreciate and cherish all important cultural monuments located on the territory of the People’s Republic of China, as well as those in Tibet and in Kashgar."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[170] "  Jaroslav Paška (EFD). – (SK) I agree that reductions of emissions must continue, and if we have rules which will contribute towards their reduction, let us try to enforce those rules properly.\n\nIf our friends from the United States do not want to accept our solution, we will have to sustain a patient, matter-of-fact dialogue with them, and look for creative solutions that will achieve the desired objective. The inclusion of aviation in the system of emission quota trading is really not such a burden that air transport cannot be reconciled to it and cannot continue to develop. It is necessary to realise that other forms of transport must also respond to various restrictions in connection with the need to reduce emissions, and we therefore expect aviation to shoulder a fair share of responsibility for reducing emissions."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[171] "  Anna Rosbach, for ECR-Gruppen. – Hr. formand! Kommissærer! Europa skal have en grøn økonomi, hvor CO2-forureningen hører fortiden til. Det er vi enige om. På papiret!\n\nFor at nå målsætningen skal delmål som 2030-målene fungere som brobyggere mellem hvor vi er, og hvor vi skal hen. Nogle kolleger taler imod de ambitiøse 2030-mål, og det minder mig om de argumenter, jeg hørte, da vi lavede reglerne mod syreregn, reglerne om beskyttelse af ozonlaget og om forbedring af luftkvaliteten. Der var argumenter som: \"Det ville lægge unødige byrder på erhvervslivet, som vil forsvinde til udlandet\". Men det er undskyldninger, der bygger på en manglende tro på de europæiske virksomheders kreativitet. Dét er måske nok mit hovedbudskab her. For både Miljøudvalget og Industriudvalget vedtog jo for mindre end en måned siden deres anbefalinger til 2030-målene, og dermed sendte de et signal om en ambitiøs klimapolitik.\n\nDet er en forudsætning for en fremtidig bæredygtig økonomisk udvikling, at det, vi har på papiret nu, endelig omsættes til virkelighed i medlemsstaterne."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[172] "  Anna Rosbach (ECR). - Hr. formand! Ja, man kan jo blive helt misundelig over at få så meget taletid! Kommissær! Uden natur intet liv! Ganske enkelt! Og den bedste forsikringspolitik er faktisk forebyggelse. Forslaget handler grundlæggende om at tegne en forsikring imod miljøforringelser og klimaændringer. Life er en investering i forskning og opgaveløsninger, som også vil have en positiv betydning for europæisk beskæftigelse. I stedet for at betragte klima- og miljøhensyn som isolerede aspekter, skal de nu integreres i alle centrale politikområder, og det er jeg meget glad for! På den måde vil vi se nogle synergieeffekter, som vil være til fordel for vores forskningsverden, erhvervslivet og ikke mindst vores natur. Samtidig sender vi et vigtigt signal til de igangværende COP19-forhandlinger i Polen om, at EU tager sine miljø- og klimaforpligtelser alvorligt og sætter handling bag ord. Jeg håber, vi hermed lukker loopholes og undgår en forsikringspolice, hvor alt for meget er skrevet med små bogstaver! ECR stemmer for kollega Jutta Haugs betænkning – og tak for det store arbejde."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[173] "  Anna Rosbach (ECR). – (DA) Madam President, I would like to thank the Minister and the Commissioner for being here this evening. Tomorrow, the European Parliament will vote ambitiously on a resolution on the climate change conference in Durban. The EU is currently responsible for around 11% of global emissions. Who is responsible for the remaining 89%? When will we have binding commitments from other parts of the world to carry out the same reductions as the EU in order to achieve a 2 °C reduction?\n\nHaving said that, I unfortunately have to say that I cannot support the joint resolution for three reasons. The resolution seeks the complete severance from fossil fuels by 2050. I consider this to be unrealistic at a global level. The resolution proposes to change from unanimity to a qualified majority as the future model for decision making in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). This would involve the surrender of a significant degree of sovereignty. I do not see this as a realistic solution either. Thirdly, the resolution proposes the introduction of an international financial transaction tax. Here, we are mixing a controversial financial policy into the climate debate. As I see it, this may jeopardise a positive outcome of the conference. I do not want to stand in the way of the EU speaking with one voice in the negotiations in Durban. I will therefore abstain in the vote tomorrow."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[174] "  Anna Rosbach, on behalf of the EFD Group. – (DA) Mr President, I would like to thank the Commissioner very much for her splendid contribution and the excellent briefings given to all of us in Cancún. However, the whole climate conference, of course, focused on dealing in hot air and the setting up of a fund for developing countries. This is fine from my point of view, but who will check that the money is being given out correctly and does not end up in the personal pockets of dictators? I would have very much liked to have seen the conference also discuss restricting the use of basic resources, the necessity of biodiversity for the natural regulation of the climate and population growth – a subject that all of the politicians of the world are shutting their eyes to, because in only a few years’ time, the planet will have to feed around 10 billion people. How will we obtain food for them without increasing our CO2 emissions, and without this tipping the natural balance and the global climate?\n\nThe expectations of Cancún were extremely low and it was therefore a success. However, the door is now open for further cooperation ahead of COP 17, and I am pleased about that."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[175] "  Anna Rosbach (EFD). – (DA) Mr President, in December, everyone – officials, politicians, journalists, activists and many others – will be heading for the summit in Mexico. This Parliament, too, will be taking part, even if there is always chaos surrounding how many MEPs are permitted to travel.\n\nWhen we go to the climate summit, there is one important thing that we must remember to take with us: realism. I am very well aware that this is not such a popular thing to say, but it is important if the people of the world are to find us credible. The EU ought to be a frontrunner, as it is so splendidly put – in other words it should take the lead and set a good example. That is all well and good, but we must make sure that we do not go so far out in front that no one follows us. It is no good pursuing a policy that only a few countries are willing, or able, to follow. We will only achieve one thing by doing this, and that is to shift our own labour-intensive industries out of Europe to countries with much more relaxed legislation, lower wages and poorer working conditions. We will lose jobs, and that will harm our European economies. We should therefore work towards solutions that rapidly emerging countries such as China, India and the South American continent can go along with. I hope that we will learn from the experience of last year’s meeting in Copenhagen and this year aim for achievable objectives instead of setting our sights on the impossible."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[176] "  Anna Rosbach, on behalf of the EFD Group. – (DA) Mr President, there was a lot of talk about so-called climate refugees in connection with COP 15. People have always fled from natural disasters, poor harvests, drought, floods and famine. The fact is that climate change and its direct impact on people and the environment are problems that we have no choice but to deal with. However, I cannot help asking whether we are going the right way about it. I agree that we need to be more aware of how we use resources in our daily lives and to research new technologies. We must not forget, however, that in fact, we already have ways of alleviating problems that suddenly arise. In connection with COP 15, for example, there was mention of the Cook Islands – an island group in the Pacific. The problem these islands face is that they are under threat from rising water levels. A sea wall could protect the islands, and in fact, a sea wall is a perfectly manageable investment – just not for a poor island group. While we in the West discuss wind power, electric cars, solar energy, biofuels and new ways of sorting waste in the suburbs of Europe, many islands are gradually disappearing. I would therefore ask whether the Western world should be investing billions in climate technology – the effect of which is highly questionable – while millions of people could be helped using already known, low-cost measures. Rather than quarrelling over statistics, evidence and research, now is the time we need to be dealing with the impact of climate change at a global level by means of real action."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[177] "  Anna Rosbach, on behalf of the EFD Group. – (DA) Mr President, Council and Commission, it is one month today until Christmas Eve. I have one big Christmas wish, and that is that when the climate conference is over and all the participants have stopped acting like administrators and technicians who talk only of details and quotas, we can then finally have a political debate about what can realistically and practically be done to improve conditions for our planet and its inhabitants. If we open our eyes, we will see all too clearly that the US, Russia, China and many other countries around the globe do not really have climate change on the agenda. Instead, they are simply making fine-sounding declarations of intent and empty promises."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[178] "  Anna Rosbach, on behalf of the EFD Group. – (DA) Mr President, last night, to great applause, the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety adopted a Christmas list for the climate change conference in Copenhagen in December. The list includes a lot of well-intentioned, large and heavy presents. But, dear Santa Claus, a.k.a. the Commission: is there any chance at all of all these well-intentioned desires being realised, when 500 million US citizens have health, pensions, jobs and welfare on their agenda, and 2.5 billion Chinese and Indians just want the same living standards that some of us here in western Europe have?\n\nWe have no influence on what the Sun does. As we all know, it determines a great deal of the climate on our planet. To put it another way: what can the Commission realistically do to make all 6 billion people on this Earth use fewer resources, not in the future but right here and now?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[179] "  Oreste Rossi (PPE), per iscritto. - Il regolamento introduce nuove disposizioni a livello europeo per l'eliminazione graduale dell'immissione in commercio e dell'uso di gas HFC, che sono ampiamente utilizzati nel settore del condizionamento dell'aria e della refrigerazione commerciale. L'accordo raggiunto conferma l'obiettivo proposto dalla Commissione europea di riduzione graduale del 79% degli HFC, in modo tale che il volume dei prodotti immessi sul mercato europeo nel 2030 non ecceda il 21% rispetto ai livelli attuali.\n\nHo sostenuto il testo dell'accordo con il Consiglio che ha consentito di introdurre maggiore realismo rispetto ad alcune richieste avanzate dal relatore e di tenere conto delle tecnologie alternative a disposizione dei diversi settori della loro sostenibilità economica, oltre che delle tempistiche di adeguamento ai nuovi standard, con l'obiettivo di mantenere questi settori sul mercato. In particolare, ho sostenuto e apprezzato che il sistema di assegnazione di quote di emissione non preveda l'imposizione di una tariffa e che i divieti d'uso introdotti per alcune attrezzature e prodotti specifici siano stati circoscritti.\n\nInoltre ritengo giusto che nel negoziato con gli Stati membri sia stato eliminato il divieto di carica delle apparecchiature prima dell'immissione in commercio e che si sia invece optato per un sistema di tracciabilità degli HFC immessi sul mercato."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[180] "  Oreste Rossi (PPE), per iscritto. - Il problema principale del pacchetto clima ed energia 2030 è che di fatto non fornisce né misure concrete per rilanciare la competitività, né segnali di stabilità di medio-lungo periodo per sostenere le decisioni di investimento.\n\nLa proposta odierna delude ogni aspettativa delle aziende europee di avere un quadro legislativo solido per gli investimenti e l'innovazione in Europa, rendendola indipendente dalle importazioni di energia. Non ha senso entrare nel merito del dibattito sui target, ma è importante notare che anche il target singolo sui gas serra al 40 per cento si tradurrà in un target molto più pesante di quello attuale per il settore ETS (43 per cento rispetto alle emissioni del 2005).\n\nLa questione della compensazione a livello europeo dei costi indiretti dell'ETS a carico dei settori electro-intensive non è oggetto del pacchetto di riforme dell'ETS, mentre quello che si propone è l'istituzionalizzazione del backloading. Le sfide ambientali vanno sostenute, ma non a discapito di un aumento del prezzo dell'energia elettrica all'ingrosso tra il 15 e il 20 per cento, che incrementa ulteriormente il gap rispetto all'industria americana, che oggi già paga l'energia oltre il 50 per cento in meno dell'industria europea.\n\nInoltre l'applicazione ai soli Stati membri implica ulteriori, pesanti sforzi di riduzione delle emissioni da parte dell'industria, a fronte dell'indifferenza degli altri paesi."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[181] "  Oreste Rossi (NI), per iscritto. − Questa direttiva era stata rinviata in commissione dall'Aula.\n\nPurtroppo, nonostante le forti critiche sul testo, la commissione ENVI non ha apportato modifiche significative. La Commissione europea potrà comunque decidere arbitrariamente il valore delle quote di CO2, indipendentemente dal valore di mercato. Una differenza è che tale potere arbitrario è stato limitato a 900 milioni di quote.\n\nOggi più di prima le industrie energivore tendono a rilocalizzarsi dove i costi e le limitazioni sono inferiori. Se questa direttiva non fosse respinta dall'Aula rischieremmo di accelerare la delocalizzazione di buona parte dell'industria europea. Credo che l'Europa, attraversata da questa interminabile crisi, non se lo possa permettere e pertanto voterò a favore della reiezione."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[182] "  Oreste Rossi, a nome del gruppo EFD. – Signor Presidente, sono completamente d'accordo con la collega Sartori, presidente della commissione per l'industria, la ricerca e l'energia.\n\nLa proposta di modifica della direttiva ETS, così come formulata, dà carta bianca alla Commissione per intervenire sul meccanismo delle aste, per manipolare il mercato delle quote con l'obiettivo di controllare, o addirittura predeterminare, il prezzo del CO2. Inoltre, la proposta sottostima o trascura del tutto l'impatto sull'industria manifatturiera e in particolare sui settori ad alta intensità elettrica, come quello siderurgico, che stanno faticosamente cercando di ritornare ai livelli produttivi precrisi.\n\nCom'è emerso dalle conclusioni dell'ultima Conferenza internazionale sui cambiamenti climatici, ogni eventuale impegno vincolante da parte di altri paesi grandi emettitori a livello globale, comparabili con quelli europei, sarà concretizzato forse non prima del 2020. Qualunque intervento che comporti un incremento unilaterale dello sforzo europeo di riduzione delle emissioni già fissato al 2020 appare pertanto del tutto ingiustificato e inaccettabile.\n\nL'Unione europea dovrebbe andare oltre l'approccio politico e normativo unilaterale legato al dumping climatico, insistendo con una politica di dazi ai confini dell'Unione europea."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[183] "  Oreste Rossi, a nome del gruppo EFD. – Signor Presidente, il settore del trasporto aereo, incluso nell'ETS, è tenuto a ridurre del 5 percento le proprie emissioni entro il 2020, a fronte del 21 percento degli altri settori ETS. Inoltre, soltanto il 15 percento delle quote viene messo all'asta rispetto al 100 percento del settore energetico.\n\nIl sistema si applica anche ai voli delle compagnie dei paesi terzi aventi origine o destinazione nell'Unione europea. Ciò ha portato a proteste e minacce di ritorsione, in particolare da Stati Uniti e Cina che, sentendosi discriminati, premono per una soluzione globale in ambito ICAO. Visti i risultati dell'assemblea del Consiglio ICAO del novembre 2012, dunque recentissimi, la Commissione propone di sospendere temporaneamente l'applicazione dell'ETS ai voli intercontinentali in riferimento alle emissioni 2012, il cosiddetto \"stop the clock\", proposta condivisibile con la speranza che, in occasione della prossima assemblea ICAO, il settore del trasporto aereo venga escluso dall'ETS europeo."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[184] "  Oreste Rossi (EFD). - Signor Presidente, intervengo su tutti i due testi di fatto, sia Arsenis che Eickhout, perché in realtà sono fortemente contrario a questi testi di relazione fra loro molto simili, in quanto richiedono ambedue maggiori sforzi ai singoli Stati europei in un momento di crisi come quello che stiamo vivendo. Lo ritengo veramente esagerato.\n\nL'Unione europea non può continuare a fare la prima della classe in materia di politica ambientale e climatica: gli impegni devono essere globali e vincolanti per tutti. Bisogna tenere conto che l'Unione europea non è autosufficiente per quanto riguarda i prodotti agricoli: infatti importiamo cereali da diversi paesi extracomunitari, pur sapendo che vengono utilizzate per la loro produzione spesso e volentieri sostanze in Europa vietate.\n\nSottrarre nuovi terreni all'agricoltura è un grave errore. Ritengo sarebbero invece necessarie delle politiche finalizzate a una migliore gestione dei territori non utilizzati e dei boschi lasciati incolti. Un esempio di cattiva gestione del territorio boschivo italiano è la dorsale appenninica che attraversa la Liguria, di fatto completamente abbandonata e che, senza vegetazione, è causa di continui incendi e in cui mai è avvenuta una ripiantumazione. Credo sarebbe meglio prima sistemare il terreno abbandonato che abbandonare altro terreno invece coltivato."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[185] "  Oreste Rossi, on behalf of the EFD Group. – (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the resolution is based on a perfectly acceptable principle, which I myself have expressed more than once, underlining both the threat posed by climate change and the fact that it needs to be dealt with at an international level, but by all parties. It is wrong, however, to ask the European Union to take steps unilaterally to cut emissions by 50 % over the levels of the 1990s by 2050.\n\nIt should be evident that if we continue to depress European industry, we encourage relocation of large enterprises to third countries. Unlike the members of the committee, I consider the Durban Package to be insufficient because no binding global agreement was reached on reduction of emissions. It is sheer madness to think of embarking on the second commitment period of the Kyoto Protocol unilaterally, in the absence of the United States, the Russian Federation, Japan and Canada, with uncertainty regarding Australia and New Zealand, and knowing that the great polluters such as China, India, Brazil and Indonesia continue to lack emissions reduction targets."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[186] "  Oreste Rossi (EFD). – (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I had the opportunity to participate in the conference at Durban, and I realised how pointless it was.\n\nWe spent around EUR 300 000 on an event that produced nothing but hot air. The European Union and European Parliament had their offices in the garage of the Hilton hotel. When our delegation met the Chinese delegation we were treated like morons. We were given a talk of about twenty minutes by one of their deputy ministers and then their delegation upped and left, without even listening to what our President Jo Leinen had to say, leaving us standing there in shock.\n\nWe need to be careful about being top of the class. At a time of serious economic crisis, we risk putting too much pressure on the budgets of our enterprises. It would be much better to have the courage to tax goods imported from the countries that pollute the most and to use the income to fight climate change. I say a categorical ‘no’ to a Green Fund paid for by our citizens, most of which would end up in the pockets of the Chinese."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[187] "  Oreste Rossi, on behalf of the EFD Group. – (IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, it is now known that some of the world’s great economies have already declared that they will not be signing a second Kyoto agreement. The European Council of 23 October, taking note of this stalemate in negotiations, declared that the European Union will be prepared to sign a Kyoto 2 only as part of a transition towards a global climate treaty which establishes a schedule and timeframe for all countries. Commissioner Hedegaard has led us to understand that proceeding unilaterally would be a strategic error.\n\nNevertheless, Parliament continues undaunted, living in a utopia and asking, with the umpteenth resolution which is detached from any sense of reality, that the European Union undertakes to disregard a unilateral reduction of emissions of over 20%. What exactly is the point of Parliament’s mission to Durban, considering that it has no negotiating role, all the more thanks to this resolution which threatens to throw out this piece of scrap paper? The Conference of Presidents would do well to abandon and forget about this useless kermesse, which is nothing more than a well-dressed window display."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[188] "  Oreste Rossi (EFD). – (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the 16th climate change conference in Cancún ended this time, too, with a non-binding compromise called the ‘balanced package’.\n\nThere was the birth of the Green Climate Fund, which will cost the most developed countries USD 100 billion a year as from 2020, while USD 30 billion will be immediately allocated to ‘fast-start’ funding, USD 410 million of which Italy will have to find.\n\nMeanwhile, no demands have been made of the most highly polluting countries; on the contrary, China alone has announced that it is going to double its energy production by 2020 and, therefore, since it has decided to stick with 80% carbon to 20% other energy sources, it will also double its emissions.\n\nWe believe it is unacceptable to keep asking our companies to make sacrifices for companies in third countries. It is vitally important for COP 17, next year, to reach an overall binding agreement on combating climate change that includes sanctions for those countries that still refuse to cooperate."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[189] "  Oreste Rossi, on behalf of the EFD Group. – (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, despite the fact that, both in committee and in this Chamber, I had predicted the failure of the Copenhagen climate conference and the document tabled by this House, this experience has taught us nothing.\n\nIf we persist in making unilateral requests that Europe should reduce its emissions by much greater amounts than those provided for by the Kyoto Protocol, then the next summit in Cancún – the COP16 – will also be a failure and, once again, Parliament will look terrible.\n\nThe resolution adopted in committee not only stresses that contributions to emerging countries should not be less than EUR 30 billion per year by 2020, but it also encourages the EU to promote the creation of a green climate fund, setting aside USD 100 billion per year starting from 2020.\n\nThe document also tells us how to find the funds, which is by taxing all possible sources such as imposing taxes on financial transactions, trade exchanges and air tickets, essentially taking money straight out of the pockets of citizens and businesses.\n\nThe report then launches into utopian requests. It even asks for us to reduce CO2 emissions in the atmosphere by 30% instead of 20% by 2020 and it urges the Commission to present a proposal so that the EU sets itself these objectives unilaterally.\n\nAsking our people and businesses to make such sacrifices at a time of economic crisis like the present is the latest in a long line of European follies. We have the same position as the Council, which is that the European Union will only be able to consider a second commitment period under the Kyoto Protocol if this takes place in an overall framework that involves all the main economies, ahead of a global, legally binding agreement."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[190] "  Oreste Rossi (EFD). – (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, do not say that we did not warn you about this. The resolution on COP 15 passed by this Parliament was all smoke and no fire.\n\nWe asked for too much and we have achieved nothing. Those are not the words of the Lega Nord but of Ivo de Boer, secretary of the UN climate change conference. It has not really been a disaster, even if the agreement is merely a letter of intent. The text which prevented COP 15 from drawing a complete blank, agreed at the end of a marathon of negotiations of a truly unprecedented duration and intensity, contains very little substance.\n\nThe Copenhagen Accord, agreed by US President Obama, Brazilian President Lula, Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao, Indian Prime Minister Singh and South African President Zuma, and imposed on all the remaining countries, has not even been formally adopted. Following its rejection by eight countries, which prevented its adoption, the Accord was merely taken note of by the plenary of the 192 participating states.\n\nLadies and gentlemen, the global warming story is a waste of time. Since December, newspapers and television news programmes have been reporting that Europe is in the grip of freezing cold weather. Let us avoid useless and costly speculation about the climate."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[191] "  Oreste Rossi (EFD). – (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, let us draw a merciful veil over the unbelievable sum of EUR 30 billion per year until 2020 that the EU would be committing itself to paying out to the emerging countries, basically without any security. To us Italians, that is reminiscent of the notorious Italian Cassa del Mezzogiorno.\n\nOur amendments are concerned with three points. Firstly, we are calling for legally binding and equally ambitious commitments, not just for the other industrialised countries, but also for the emerging economies and, in particular, China, India and Brazil.\n\nSecondly, we are asking that any European allocations from which those countries benefit be made conditional on the use of ‘made in the European Union’ technology, so that our businesses can be at least partially repaid for the further onerous emissions reduction commitments that the EU is imposing on them, to be borne entirely at their own cost.\n\nThirdly, we call for action to ensure that the invention of innovative financial mechanisms – such as ETS-based derivatives or debt-for-nature swaps – does not in fact conceal fresh financial speculation similar to the very serious crisis from which we have not yet emerged.\n\nFor this reason, if our amendments are rejected, our delegation – the Northern League delegation – will vote against this resolution."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[192] "  Oreste Rossi (EFD). – (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, yesterday evening, the Lega Nord delegation was the only political party which voted, in committee, against this resolution. We voted against as we consider it to be euro-folly.\n\nAt a time of industrial crisis such as the one we are experiencing, with the loss of competitiveness and jobs, the idea of funding the technological innovation of third countries that are developing countries equates to sounding the death knell for European businesses. This text lays down an appropriation of EUR 30 billion a year until 2020 for countries such as China, India and Brazil, which are our most dangerous and dishonest competitors, and, at the same time, asks our industries to further cut emissions, with serious economic consequences.\n\nWe cannot transform the legitimate battle to protect the environment into a war between poor peoples. As long as there are countries like China, which make unfair competition their industrial policy, there can be no eco-sustainable global market.\n\nWe in the Lega Nord support the workers, the businessmen and women who, on a daily basis, have to fight the mammoth industrial groups of countries which have no concept of rules. ‘Yes’ to the environment but ‘no’ to funding our competitors at the expense of our workers."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[193] "  Nikolaos Salavrakos (EFD), in writing. − I voted in favour of this report because accounting for land use, land-use change and forestry (LULUCF) is a key element in climate policy with the potential, among other things, to contribute to mitigation, adaptation, conservation of biodiversity and sustainable use of natural resources."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[194] "  Νικόλαος Σαλαβράκος (EFD), γραπτώς. – Υπερψήφισα την έκθεση του κ. Eickhout, καθώς θεωρώ ότι συμβάλλει θετικά στην προστασία του περιβάλλοντος μέσω προτάσεων για βελτίωση της μέτρησης και του εντοπισμού των πηγών ανθρωπογενών εκπομπών που συμβάλλουν στο φαινόμενο του θερμοκηπίου και τα οποία δεν ελέγχονται από το πρωτόκολλο του Μόντρεαλ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[195] "  Timo Soini (EFD). – (FI) Mr President, the Copenhagen climate summit was a complete flop. I voted against the resolution here in December. I was right, like 92 others here.\n\nThe European Union very arrogantly endeavoured to offer the entire world its own solution. A few days before it began, emissions trading fraud worth EUR 5 billion was exposed. This must have been embarrassing just before the meeting was due to start, with the EU offering a way out and facing abuses of funds worth EUR 5 billion. This was shameful, and is the EU now at all worried that these abuses will be investigated? If we are to impose restrictions on emissions, let us introduce a specific emissions system, as we have with cars. It works, although there is never a case for winding down our steel, metal or wood processing industries, in Finland or in the EU countries. That is to no avail: workers and employees should not be made to suffer.\n\n(Applause)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[196] "  Timo Soini (EFD). – (FI) Madam President, we should be protecting employees, small entrepreneurs and industry. Environmental action is only possible in a healthy economy. Only if the economy is healthy can we invest in the environment.\n\nThings will not go well with the present target percentages. The current trade in percentages, although I say so myself as a Catholic, is the modern-day equivalent of selling indulgences, and that is not a good thing. We must introduce a system of specific emissions, as with cars, allowing us to measure what has happened and drawing the appropriate conclusions.\n\nWhy is the left not standing up for the workers, not just in Finland but in Europe generally? Support for the left is melting away faster than the icebergs. There are other options: duties can be imposed on products that exceed specific emissions. If we establish a system where environmental dumping originating in the developing and less industrialised countries is not possible, we can protect jobs and superior products, and we will be able to continue to do this in the future too."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[197] "  Timo Soini (EFD). – (FI) Madam President, the climate mafia is using gullible green politicians to shift hundreds of millions of euros of the developed nations’ tax resources to supranational companies making huge profits in developing countries, and to state-owned companies in developing countries, in the form of this type of climate charge now being promoted. For example, China could very easily attend to its obligations itself: it is the world’s richest country in terms of its reserves of foreign currency.\n\nFinland and the European Union need to rescue their own steel, engineering and forest industries by calling for a decision at Copenhagen to be taken to introduce a specific emissions system to achieve climate targets for climate products, instead of the present targets based on percentages and emissions trading. This is the fairer option.\n\n(Applause)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[198] "  Laurence J.A.J. Stassen (NI) . – (NL) Mr President, the causes and effects of climate change are based on a theory, but it seems to have more the nature of a religious conviction. Nevertheless, everything is subordinated to this religion, as can be seen by reading this report on international trade. It is a veritable climate diplomacy that is being proposed; that is, the European Union is happy to do business, but only under strict climate-neutral conditions – just the way the European Union likes it – as though these trading partners would like nothing better than to apply themselves without delay to the development of a single market. After all, export means transport, and more transport is very bad for global CO2 emissions. Well, Europe will really help the developing countries with this – particularly countries that depend on the export of competing agricultural products, for example. What has this got to do with the European Union? Mr President, the document shows a lack of economic understanding. I should like to quote from the report by Mr Jadot, paragraph 57: ‘regrets that a significant part of international trade consists of homogeneous products which could just as easily be produced locally’. End of quote. What economic genius thought that up? Anyone with even a modicum of economic education will be familiar with the economic principle that specialisation and trade are the very driving force behind economic growth. The naive reasoning in this report would be disastrous to the global economy. It is no wonder that the majority of citizens and businesses can do without European climate targets. Yet Europe is persisting and drawing up the umpteenth series of absurd climate targets. Emerging economies such as China and India do not care about these and will reap profit from Europe’s self-imposed restrictions. Who will ultimately pay the price for the pursuit of Europe’s Utopia? It will be the citizens and businesses."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[199] "  Daniël van der Stoep (NI). - Ik ben altijd al heel erg gekant geweest tegen het emissiehandelssysteem en wel om twee redenen. Ten eerste is het een communistisch systeem waarbij de staat in principe bedrijven verplicht om iets onderling te verhandelen zonder enige vorm van wetenschappelijke onderbouwing dan ook.\n\nNatuurlijk is het zo dat de prijzen op dit moment lager zijn. Dit wordt door de opstellers van het verslag toegeschreven aan de crisis, maar het is natuurlijk gewoon de markt zelf die ingrijpt op het moment dat de overheid veel te veel van ze verlangt en niet duidelijk maakt waarom eigenlijk. Op dit moment is het dus zo dat de markt zelf ingrijpt. En dan is het werkelijk waar ten hemel schreiend dat op zo'n moment de overheid – in dit geval het Parlement – besluit om dan maar de regels te veranderen, omdat we het niet eens zijn met de uitkomsten.\n\nVoorts is nog steeds niet duidelijk aangetoond dat door mensen gemaakte CO2 verantwoordelijk is voor de opwarming van de aarde. Daarom moeten we zo snel mogelijk van het CO2-systeem af, al was het maar omdat onze luchtvaart, onze binnenvaart en onze transportsector hierdoor worden beschadigd. Daarom is het van belang zo snel mogelijk van het systeem af te zien."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[200] "  Daniël van der Stoep (NI). - Voorzitter, schijnbaar gaan we net zo lang door met stemmen over backloading totdat het de klimaatalarmisten weer naar de zin is. Helaas is het de klimaatayatollahs vandaag gelukt. Als de uitkomsten van een handelsmarkt in CO2 je niet zinnen, dan moet je er geen markt van maken. Dat is een heel simpele redenering. Afgezien daarvan kan ik natuurlijk niet vaak genoeg herhalen dat het natuurlijk een illusie is dat met een werkend CO2-rechtensysteem we wel even de veronderstelde klimaatverandering stoppen of terugdraaien en zo de wereld redden. Wat een stuitende naïviteit van de klimaatfundamentalisten."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[201] "  Csanád Szegedi (NI), írásban. – Fourier már a 19. században leírta az üvegházhatás jelenségét, amely a bolygónk lassú felmelegedését okozza és amennyiben nem lépünk fel ennek megfékezésére, az hosszútávon az egész élővilágunkra beláthatatlan következményekkel járhat. Az utóbbi évtizedekben az emberi tevékenységek miatt fellépett globális felmelegedés által olyan éghajlati változások és klímaváltozások sorozata alakulhat ki, amelyek a szélsőséges természeti viszonyok következtében többek között a mezőgazdaság zsugorodását és ennek következtében az EU tagállamok nemzeti össztermékét is csökkentheti. A Kyotoi-egyezmény deklarálta, hogy a jelenségben szerepet játszó gázok (elsősorban co2) kibocsátását fokozatosan csökkenteni kell 2020-ig, mely érdekében az EU. már meglehetősen sok intézkedést tett. Az Európai Unió világviszonylatban is az élen jár szigorú a szabályok bevezetésével a globális felmelegedés megfékezésében. Az európai társadalmak joggal várják el az EU vezetőitől,hogy a környezetvédelem területén is tegyen határozott lépéseket akár az EU határain kívül is. Az EU-nak erkölcsi kötelessége az ügeházhatású gázok kibocsájtásának csökkenéséért küzdeni valamennyi diplomácia eszközzel."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[202] "  Csanád Szegedi (NI). – (HU) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I find it essential for every responsible European politician to care deeply for environmental protection. I, too, care deeply for the fight against climate change, but this is a global issue, and global problems require global responses. It is all very well that the European Union is at the forefront of this fight, but let us admit, other than setting a good example, little is achieved through Slovenia, Estonia or Hungary, for that matter, adhering to strict climate protection rules. After all, it is not the European Union where most of the shortcomings are found; a climate protection minimum should be set in Durban and in some way, through diplomatic means, the United States, China and India should be compelled to at least take decisive steps in the protection against climate change."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[203] "  Csanád Szegedi (NI). – (HU) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, my party, Jobbik – The Movement for a Better Hungary, attaches profound importance to environmental protection and the restoration of ecological balance. We are convinced that Europe is faced not only with an economic crunch and recession but also with an environmental crisis. In this regard we consider it extremely important to create self-governance in the food and light industries in the European Union. Nobody understands why the EU has to import vast amounts of garlic and peppers from China and chicken from Brazil when these products could be produced locally. This is why we say that we need local self-governance in the food and light industries. It is our responsibility here in the European Parliament to protect European farmers, SMEs and our own citizens, giving them the opportunity to obtain clean, high quality food from local farmers. We also believe that it is crucial to introduce the mandatory adoption of environmentally friendly technologies to the largest extent possible."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[204] "  Claudiu Ciprian Tănăsescu (S&D), în scris. – Gazele fluorurate sunt gazele cu efect de seră produse de om care rezistă cel mai mult în atmosferă. Emisiile de aceste gaze au crescut cu 60% față de 1990, în contextul în care emisiile celorlalte gaze cu efect de seră au fost reduse treptat. Este foarte important să avem în vedere o eliminare treptată a gazelor fluorurate care să permită adaptarea producătorilor la noile condiții de piață, să le acorde acestora timpul necesar producerii de alternative viabile. În acest sens, este important ca, la nivelul Uniunii, să se încurajeze dezvoltarea de tehnologii ecologice și alternative sigure și cu impact redus asupra mediului, în paralel, evident, cu descurajarea utilizării acelor gaze fluorurate cu impact puternic asupra mediului.\n\nÎnțelegerea cu Consiliul reprezintă un pas important în reducerea emisiilor cu efect de seră, permițând interzicerea pe piață a echipamentelor care au deja înlocuitori mai puțin dăunători mediului. Este o înțelegere echilibrată, care permite, pe de o parte, atingerea obiectivelor de mediu ale Uniunii, iar, pe de altă parte, permite industriei să vină cu soluții fezabile în această direcție."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[205] "  Claudiu Ciprian Tănăsescu (S&D), in writing. − I welcome the report by Mr Eickhout as it definitely brings us one step nearer towards achieving our targets and living up to the international commitments regarding climate change."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[206] "  Claudiu Ciprian Tănăsescu, on behalf of the S&D Group. – (RO) Madam President, the changes in the climate which we are all experiencing have ecological and social repercussions that ultimately affect human health not only through changes to the quality and quantity of water, air and food, but also through changing weather and agricultural patterns and ecosystems.\n\nIt has been proven scientifically that the benefits from cutting non-CO2 anthropogenic emissions are felt immediately and directly in the areas where measures are taken. I am pleased that we have managed to pass the point where carbon dioxide emissions were to blame for all the troubles with the Earth’s atmosphere and that the time has finally come for us to take action as well against other factors which are just as harmful as carbon dioxide.\n\nLet me give you just one example. It is currently estimated that the use of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) has an overall impact on global warming of around 2% of the total greenhouse gas emissions. However, it is expected that increased demand for HFCs could result in a contribution of 7-13% of the total greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. Therefore, if we want to grasp the nettle, industry would quickly need a solid legal framework for encouraging producers to develop alternatives to HFCs.\n\nAs I have said, this is just one example of many possible actions aimed at cutting anthropogenic emissions. I wanted the Commission to give a firm, concrete answer to the question submitted on this subject, which will allow measures to be taken within a relatively short period of time. In addition, as the Montreal Protocol has successfully highlighted that greenhouse gas emissions can be successfully reduced, I think that it provides the most suitable forum for regulating and reducing globally the production and consumption of hydrofluorocarbons."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[207] "  Ruža Tomašić (ECR), napisan. - Ovom Uredbom utvrđuju se pravila za točno praćenje i provjeravanje emisija ugljičnog dioksida (CO2) iz brodova koji pristaju ili isplovljavaju iz luka pod nadležnošću države članice te izvješćivanje o njima radi promicanja smanjenja emisija ugljičnog dioksida iz pomorskog prometa na troškovno isplativ način. Prijedlog Komisije uvodi četiri osnovne metode mjerenja emisija CO2, koje pokrivaju 98% svih emisija koje proizvode brodovi. Izvorno je ta obveza bila usmjerena na brodove iznad 5000 bruto tona. Međutim, dopuštena težina je značajno smanjena nakon glasovanja u Odboru ENVI u siječnju ove godine, dodano je izvještavanje od NOx-a i dopuštena granica je spuštena na 400 bruto tona. Sukladno tome, nisam podržala ovo izvješće jer će spomenute izmjene predstavljati značajan teret za provedbu vlasnicima manjih brodova i mjere nisu razmjerne u pogledu smanjenja emisija."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[208] "  Ruža Tomašić (ECR), napisan. - Kao rezultat znatnog smanjenja emisija stakleničkih plinova u Uniji te zbog politika u vezi s klimom i gospodarskih okolnosti, u drugom ciljnom razdoblju Protokola iz Kyota doći će do znatnog viška jedinica dodijeljene kvote, ovjerenih smanjenja emisija i jedinica smanjenja emisija na računima Unije i država članica. Relevantni međunarodni propisi o obračunu emisija i napretku u ispunjavanju obveza trebali bi biti usvojeni na sljedećoj konferenciji o klimi u Limi u prosincu 2014. Sukladno tome, podržala sam ovo izvješće, te smatram da Komisija trebala djelovati s državama članicama i trećim zemljama kako bi pomogla osigurati formalno usvajanje obračunskih propisa iz Protokola iz Kyota na konferenciji o klimi u Limi. Ishod tih propisa trebao bi se odraziti na provedbu registra Unije te na delegirane akte predviđene ovom Uredbom."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[209] "  Ruža Tomašić (ECR), napisan. - Podržala sam dopune sadašnjeg okvira za usluge platnog prometa određivanjem pravila kojima se povećava transparentnost, inovativnost i sigurnost u području platnog prometa male vrijednosti, s naglaskom na opravdanim potrebama potrošača. Definicije usluga platnog prometa, protokola i standarda platnog prometa, trebale bi biti tehnološki neutralne i omogućiti daljnji razvoj novih vrsta usluga platnog prometa te sigurne uvjete poslovanja za postojeće i nove pružatelje usluga.\n\nPredloženim se mjerama nastoje osigurati konkurentna i jednaka pravila za sve kategorije pružatelja usluga platnog prometa, olakšati prekogranično pružanje inovativnih kartičnih, internetskih i mobilnih usluga, ukloniti praznine u području normizacije te uskladiti prakse povezane s naplatom upravljanjem uslugama platnog prometa u čitavom EU-u."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[210] "  Ruža Tomašić (ECR), napisan. - Cilj ove Uredbe je zaštititi okoliš smanjivanjem emisija fluoriranih stakleničkih plinova i poticati inovacije na području održivih tehnologija. U skladu s tim ovom se Uredbom utvrđuju pravila za smanjenje emisija, uporabu, prikupljanje i uništavanje fluoriranih stakleničkih plinova i zabranjuje uporaba tih plinova u posebne svrhe istodobno određujući količinska ograničenja za stavljanje na tržište HFC-a. Povećanim korištenjem fluoriranih stakleničkih plinova ostvaren je cilj zamjene drugih tvari koje oštećuju ozonski sloj. Fluorirani staklenički plinovi trenutačno čine samo 2 % ukupnih emisija stakleničkih plinova u Uniji i pretežno se koriste u područjima Unije s toplijim klimatskim uvjetima. Ako se ciljevi za njihovo korištenje ne postave uravnoteženo, poduzetnici će se u određenim državama članicama morati suočiti s težim opterećenjima nego u drugima. Radi praćenja napretka u ostvarenju ciljeva koji se odnose na smanjivanje emisija fluoriranih stakleničkih plinova, potrebno je opsežno prikupljanje podataka. Stoga bi se obveza uspostavljanja i vođenja evidencije o opremi koja sadrži takve plinove trebala primjenjivati i na električne sklopne uređaje i drugu opremu obuhvaćenu ovom Uredbom."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[211] "  Ruža Tomašić (ECR), napisan. - Ovo izvješće poduprla sam iz razloga što smatram da je finalni trijalog postigao zdravi balans između ekološke održivosti, te tehnološke i ekonomske iskoristivosti. Posebice pozdravljam dio izvješća koji izravno pogoduje malim proizvođačima automobila, na način da se granica za primjenjivanje premija za prekomjerne razine CO2 od 500 automobila pomiče na 1000, za što smatram da će dati pozitivan ekonomski i razvojni stimulans ovim proizvođačima, čiji je utjecaj na ukupno onečišćenje gotovo zanemariv. Trenutni izračun za masu smatram diskriminirajućim jer ukoliko proizvođač želi proizvesti automobil manje mase automatski ima stroža pravila i nižu granicu za CO2. Uvođenje novog izračuna emisije CO2 potaklo bi smanjenje ukupne mase vozila, što smatram još jednim pozitivnim aspektom prijedloga."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[212] "  Ruža Tomašić (ECR), napisan. − Ovaj kompromis smatram pobjedom zdravog razuma te čestitam izvjestitelju na odličnoj ravnoteži između potreba okoliša te potreba proizvođača koju je postigao u izvješću. Također pohvaljujem zalaganja izvjestitelja u smjeru osiguranja dugoročnog cilja od 147 g CO2/km, koji bi se trebao primjenjivati do 2020., istovremeno naglašavajući potrebu zaštite proizvođača kojima bi promjena navedene ciljane emisije koja je dogovorena prije samo dvije godine značajno ugrozila legitimnu potrebu za sigurnošću. Neosporna je činjenica da promjene ciljeva stvaraju nesigurnost za automobilsku industriju te negativno utječu na njezinu globalnu konkurentnost.\n\nNajpozitivnijim dijelom izvješća držim izvjestiteljev napor da se prizna neproporcionalni utjecaj koji usklađivanje s određenim ciljnim vrijednostima ima na male proizvođače, te njegova preporuka da se proizvođači koji su odgovorni za proizvodnju manje od 1 000 novih lakih gospodarskih vozila izuzmu iz područja primjene ciljne vrijednosti smanjenja emisija i plaćanja premije za prekomjerne emisije. Izvješće držim u cijelosti pozitivnim te sam glasovala za."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[213] "  Ruža Tomašić (ECR). – Smanjenje utjecaja ljudskog faktora na klimatske promjene važan su segment izgradnje svjesnog društva. U toj sferi program Life predstavlja iznimnu vrijednost. Pozdravljam mogućnost dodjele sredstava trećim zemljama i financiranja integriranih programa.\n\nNa ovom pitanju doista ne bismo trebali biti kratkovidni i fokusirani isključivo na države članice EU. Važnost integriranih programa najlakše mi je istaknuti na primjerima koji se izravno tiču Hrvatske. Građani Slavonskog broda već godina žive u uvjetima opasnim za zdravlje zbog emisije štetnih plinova iz rafinerije u Bosanskom brodu. Također obale južnog Jadrana često zatrpava smeće koje more donosi iz Albanije. Iako ..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[214] "  Niki Tzavela (EFD). - Mr President, today the Wall Street Journal had a very interesting article on page 14, entitled ‘The real climate ‘deniers’ are the Greens’. No offence to the Greens, but it was a very interesting article indeed and we should read it before the vote tomorrow. I will switch to Greek now.\n\nΚύριε Πρόεδρε, η θέση του Κοινοβουλίου, όπως ψηφίστηκε στην κοινή συνεδρίαση της ITRE και της ENVI, αντιπροσωπεύει μια μαξιμαλιστική θέση που αδυνατεί να αναγνωρίσει τα προβλήματα που παρουσιάζει η ευρωπαϊκή αγορά και αγνοεί τις εξελίξεις σε παγκόσμιο και σε γεωπολιτικό επίπεδο. Το κείμενο που ψηφίσαμε δεν διακρίνεται για τον ρεαλισμό και τον ορθολογισμό του. Ο ρεαλισμός μας λέει ότι το υψηλό κόστος της παραγωγής ενέργειας επιβαρύνει τις βιομηχανίες και αυξάνει την ενεργειακή φτώχεια για τους πολίτες της Ευρώπης όσον αφορά τις τιμές. Ο ορθολογισμός μας λέει ότι εδώ σήμερα θα έπρεπε να συζητούμε για τις ενεργειακές διασυνδέσεις και για την επιτάχυνση της επιλογής των έργων κοινού ενδιαφέροντος. Πιστεύω ότι η Επιτροπή έχει καταφέρει, σε αντίθεση με το Κοινοβούλιο, να επιτύχει ένα σωστό και ρεαλιστικό συμβιβασμό μεταξύ των στόχων που χρειάζονται για την ενέργεια αλλά και για το περιβάλλον. Πρέπει να έχουμε κατά νου ότι ο επικεφαλής οικονομολόγος του Διεθνούς Οργανισμού Ενέργειας μας προειδοποιεί ότι απειλούνται 30 εκατομμύρια θέσεις εργασίας με την ενεργειακή πολιτική που ακολουθούμε ...\n\n(Ο Πρόεδρος διακόπτει την ομιλήτρια)."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[215] "  Νίκη Τζαβέλα (EFD). - Κύριε Πρόεδρε, κυρία Επίτροπε, κανείς δεν αμφισβητεί τον σημαντικό ρόλο που διαδραματίζει το ETS στη λειτουργία της κοινής εσωτερικής αγοράς ενέργειας και το πόσο σημαντικό είναι γαι τις επενδύσεις σε πιο καθαρές μορφές ενέργειας. Ωστόσο, η σημερινή πρόταση της Επιτροπής δεν λύνει τα προβλήματα του ETS. Είναι μια προσωρινή λύση και, με όλον τον σεβασμό, έχουμε δει τα τελευταία χρόνια πολλές 'προσωρινές' λύσεις να γίνονται 'μόνιμες' για την Ευρωπαϊκή Ένωση.\n\nΚυρία Επίτροπε, το ETS χρειάζεται μακροπρόθεσμες διαρθρωτικές μεταρρυθμίσεις και θα ήταν προτιμότερο να είχατε προτείνει μια πιο ολιστική πρόταση με πιο μακροπρόθεσμες προθέσεις. Είχατε αρκετό χρόνο για μία πιο αποτελεσματική έκθεση. Θα μπορούσατε σήμερα να παρουσιάζατε ένα σχέδιο για τη διαρθρωτική μεταρρύθμιση του ETS. Αντ' αυτού, συζητάμε τώρα εάν το ETS θα επιβιώσει ή όχι."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[216] "\t \t\n\n  Danilo Oscar Lancini, a nome del gruppo ENF. – Signor Presidente, onorevoli colleghi, il settore della mobilità riveste un ruolo fondamentale sia per l'economia che per la società dell'Unione dei singoli Stati membri, eppure quest'Aula sembra costantemente dimenticare questo aspetto e non ascolta le richieste degli imprenditori e dei lavoratori europei.\n\nLe misure contenute in questa proposta sono nella migliore delle ipotesi anacronistiche e nella peggiore irrealistiche. Nel testo si parla di garantire una transizione agevole verso una mobilità a emissioni zero per incentivare lo sviluppo di nuove tecnologie, senza però fare realmente una valutazione di impatto sulle misure proposte. La misura spinge verso una sola soluzione elettrica, e chiaramente non tiene conto di tutte le possibili alternative che sono attualmente reperibili sul mercato.\n\nSi doveva prevedere fin dall'inizio l'utilizzo di un mix di tecnologie e tempi di realizzazione più lunghi per agevolare realmente gli operatori e le aziende. Lo sviluppo di tecnologie a zero emissioni è ancora meno avanzato nel mercato dei veicoli pesanti rispetto al settore delle autovetture, soprattutto per ciò che riguarda gli autocarri per consegna a lungo raggio.\n\nIl settore automotive verrà danneggiato, colpendo la competitività europea e dei vari Stati membri. L'Europa sarà dipendente dai paesi ricchi di materie prime per la fabbricazione delle batterie, come la Cina. Senza considerare che l'energia elettrica prodotta sul nostro continente proviene ancora in parte da centrali a carbone e lignite. Inoltre, come riportato sulla stampa, paradossalmente, sono già state utilizzate nuove colonnine mobili di ricarica elettrica ma alimentate da generatori a gasolio. Come se non bastasse, una tale misura avrebbe ricadute negative a livello di occupazione sulla filiera automotive. Questo, unito al rallentamento congiunturale del settore, ad esempio, nella sola Germania potrebbe causare una perdita di posti di lavoro nella filiera compresa tra le 75 000 e le 210 000 unità entro il 2030.\n\nAbbiamo la responsabilità di riflettere bene su proposte come questa che, così come formulate allo stato attuale sono semplicemente incomprensibili e daranno risultati opposti rispetto agli obiettivi fissati.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[217] "\t \t\n\n  Danilo Oscar Lancini, a nome del gruppo ENF. – Signora Presidente, onorevoli colleghi, nel 2017 il settore europeo degli autocarri ha rappresentato una flotta di circolazione di circa 6,5 milioni di veicoli, movimentando 14 miliardi di tonnellate di merci all'anno, trasportando circa il 72 % di tutte le merci terrestri in Europa, ovvero il 90 % del valore totale delle merci. L'importanza del settore per l'economia dell'UE è chiara e sta crescendo e oggi i veicoli pesanti sono alimentati per il 98 % a gasolio.\n\nL'importanza del settore per l'economia UE è chiara e sta crescendo e oggi i veicoli pesanti sono alimentati per il 98 % a gasolio. È giusto puntare a un piano ambizioso per una riduzione delle emissioni di CO2 generate da questo settore, ma tale piano deve avere obiettivi realistici, sia da un punto di vista tecnologico che in termini di sostenibilità dei costi di produzione. Gli attuali target proposti sono frutto più di fantasia che di una reale stima delle tecnologie esistenti e sviluppabili e forzano il mercato verso la sola opzione elettrica, scelta non di per sé sbagliata, ma il mercato e soprattutto la tecnologia non sono assolutamente pronti. Analogamente a quanto ho detto relativamente alle emissioni degli autoveicoli e dei veicoli commerciali leggeri, non è previsto nella proposta un sistema che vada a riconoscere il ruolo dei combustibili rinnovabili.\n\nÈ invece di fondamentale importanza che per gli obiettivi di decarbonizzazione vengano riconosciuti il contributo e i benefici di tali fondi tramite l'introduzione di una metodologia di calcolo che riconosca la componente rinnovabile immessa in rete a livello europeo. È quindi fondamentale considerare l'intera catena del carburante, compresi l'estrazione e la produzione, il trasporto e l'uso del combustibile o dell'elettricità, al fine di fornire un confronto più realistico delle diverse opzioni e in questo senso è importantissimo riconoscere il ruolo del metano e del biometano.\n\nInfine, le penalizzazioni previste in caso di non conformità dalla Commissione appaiono ispirate ad un confronto tra le emissioni di CO2 dei veicoli commerciali leggeri con quelle dei camion in grammi di CO2 per chilometro, che risulta essere fuorviante finendo paradossalmente a disincentivare i viaggi a pieno carico, ossia l'efficienza del trasporto su gomma.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[218] "\t \t\n\n  John Stuart Agnew (EFDD). – Mr President, well you’re not going to like this are you, you lot sitting over there? It is such a shame that this LIFE budget is going to be wasted on a totally useless project trying to make farmers improve the world’s weather.\n\nWhat are the drivers of climate change? The main one, of course, is the activity of the cosmic rays, this atomised cosmic dust and, where our atmosphere condenses against it, cloud cover. What can the farmers do about these exploding stars? Nothing at all. What can the farmers do about the five different solar cycles whose cycle is well understood and that have caused the changes in our climate for over 2 000 years? Farmers can’t change the solar cycles. Farmers can’t change the gravitational pulls of other planets. Farmers certainly can’t change the ocean currents.\n\nWe haven’t even got on to greenhouse gases yet, which are pretty trivial – the most important one of those for climate change is water vapour, and yet you never hear about that, and a very good thing too, because that is our cloud cover.\n\nThey all talk about CO2. Yes, the levels have gone up. Why have they gone up? Because of the warming we had in the last part of the last century: the seas got warmer and released some CO2. CO2 is a consequence of global warming, it isn’t a cause of it. Then we’ve got methane that farmers produce in tiny, tiny quantities – it is a tiny, tiny gas. In any case, it breaks down to CO2 and water vapour. There’s no point in fiddling around trying to do anything with that. Then, of course, we’ve got nitrous oxide, the leguminous crops. We are wasting our time in trying to persuade farmers they can change the world’s weather.\n\nWhat could we be doing with this budget? We’ve got a serious problem worldwide called anti-microbial resistance. Farmers do have a part to play in trying to overcome this. We could use this LIFE budget to find ways of improving biosecurity on farms and then allocating grants to make the biosecurity a lot better. We could offer grants to farmers to cull their flocks when the only choice is to give them antibiotics. This would be a very good way of preventing antibiotic use. We could use this budget to research the breeding of harder, more resistant birds, instead of them requiring antibiotics. This is what we should be doing, not fooling around trying to persuade farmers they can be King Cnut.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[219] "\t \t\n\n  John Stuart Agnew (EFDD). – Madam President, agriculture will be expected to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions. Farmers can reduce CO2 emissions by reducing tractor use. This is possible without reducing productivity if GM seeds and glyphosate are regularly used to establish crops. The green lobby hate GM and glyphosate even more than they hate CO2, so the alternative is to abandon some land and reduce food production.\n\nFarmers can reduce methane emissions by feeding their ruminants expensive cereals and soya instead of grazing grass. This significantly raises the costs of producing meat, milk leather and wool. The green lobby insist that ruminants should be able to graze naturally so the only alternative is for the farmer to reduce ruminant numbers.\n\nFarmers can reduce nitrous oxide emissions by growing fewer leguminous crops, but the green lobby want more protein crops grown in Europe. These are leguminous. The green lobby cannot have it both ways.\n\nFarmers can reduce water vapour emissions by maintaining large areas of bare soil, preventing transpiration. The green lobby do not like bare soil because of erosion risk. Perversely, but fortunately, the green lobby do like the greenhouse gas water vapour.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[220] "\t \t\n\n  John Stuart Agnew (EFDD). – Mr President, there are four greenhouse gases of the five that are produced by farmers, and one of those is called nitrous oxide. Farmers produce nitrous oxide by cultivating leguminous crops. So the way they can reduce their nitrous oxide emissions is to grow fewer leguminous crops. However, the Commission and the green lobby are so concerned about the importation of 30 million tonnes of GM soybeans that they want farmers to grow more protein crops. Protein crops, by and large, are leguminous crops so this is a very contradictory message.\n\nThere is another greenhouse gas called water vapour, and how do farmers emit this? They emit this because of the transpiration through their crops and their grass. The only way they are going to stop emitting water vapour is to keep the ground permanently ploughed so that there is no grass and no crops to transpire water. Isn’t this a wonderful debate?\n\nFinally, I would like to remind all the MEPs in here that forestry, which many of you have been talking about, is not an EU competence and therefore you cannot legislate over it.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[221] "\t \t\n\n  John Stuart Agnew (EFDD). –Mr President, having listened to the last speaker I can say I disagree with every single word he says. This ludicrous myth of man-made global warming is going to impact on agriculture. Farmers apparently are going to have to improve the world weather by emitting fewer greenhouse gases. There are two of them that we it emit where we find ourselves in total contradiction to EU dogma.\n\nThe first is CO2. We emit CO2 by tractor use, exhausts and engines running. If we are seriously going to reduce that on farms, we’re going to have to reduce our tractor usage and that means we must go to no-till agriculture, which means using glyphosate and adopting GM crops. You hate those two things more than you actually hate CO2.\n\nThen of course we've got the other juxtaposition on nitrous oxide. We produce nitrous oxide by growing leguminous crops. Yet we are told by the EU ‘you must grow more leguminous crops’ because they will substitute for all the GM soya beans coming in from South America.\n\nI could go on, Mr President, but I'm out of time.\n\n(Applause)\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[222] " \t \t\n\n  Tim Aker (EFDD), in writing. – We in UKIP are against this resolution because we object to the Paris Agreement and the Climate Change alarmism supported by green lobbies. They are the cause of our current damaging and counter-productive energy policy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[223] " \t \t\n\n  Tim Aker, Jane Collins and Mike Hookem (EFDD), in writing. – We in UKIP are against this recommendation because we oppose the climate change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the EU Commission. They are the cause of our current damaging and counter-productive energy policy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[224] "\t \t\n\n  Tim Aker (EFDD). – Madam President, I have got a point of order, because we had a Labour MEP who was not being given the opportunity to be held to account for the legislation that her government implemented that cost the jobs in Redcar in one of their constituencies. Legislation created from this place...\n\n(The President cut off the speaker)\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[225] "\t \t\n\n  Marie-Christine Arnautu (ENF). – Madame la Présidente, dans cet hémicycle climatisé à outrance et empli de députés venus par avion des quatre coins de l’Europe, cette énième condamnation du président des États-Unis me semble aussi hypocrite que celle des Saoudiens dénonçant le soutien du Qatar au mouvement djihadiste.\n\nSa décision est pourtant celle d’un chef d’État démocratiquement élu, qui n’a jamais caché son climato-scepticisme et qui n’a qu’un but, protéger les emplois américains. Vous feriez mieux d’en prendre exemple, vous qui êtes incapables de lutter contre le chômage ou le terrorisme, mais qui prétendez agir sur le climat.\n\nIl est urgent, pourtant, de se préoccuper des emplois menacés de nos travailleurs, ceux que les conséquences de vos politiques n’ont pas encore jetés au chômage et dont les entreprises subiront désormais une nouvelle baisse de compétitivité face à leurs redoutables concurrentes américaines.\n\nM. Trump a un grand tort en effet, celui ne pas faire semblant de vouloir respecter un accord, non contraignant juridiquement, mais au contraire d’affirmer officiellement ce qu’il croit être bon pour ses concitoyens.\n\nMais cela vous est tellement difficile de l’admettre, tant cela est différent de votre façon de penser et d’agir.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[226] " \t \t\n\n  Marie-Christine Arnautu (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Cette résolution s’inscrit dans le cadre de la COP22, qui se déroulera à Marrakech en novembre 2016. Le Parlement européen y envoie y une délégation officielle, qui fait figuration et ne participe pas aux négociations. Cette résolution doit formuler les vœux à transmettre aux négociateurs de la Commission.\n\nSans surprise, la résolution est enthousiaste et demande la ratification urgente des accords de Paris. Elle invite l’Union à toujours plus d’efforts: plus de budget pour les fonds verts, plus de contraintes imposées aux entreprises (mais en soutenant le développement économique du bout des lèvres), plus d’économie circulaire... Et plus de migrants à accueillir à cause du changement climatique! On notera une référence claire au Brexit pour que les pays sortis de l’Union ou en voie de sortie s’engagent quand même!\n\nFace aux mesures de l’Union qui aboutissent à notre désindustrialisation pour faire produire dans des conditions plus polluantes ce que nous importerons, j’ai voté contre la résolution.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[227] " \t \t\n\n  Marie-Christine Arnautu (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Les accords de Paris conclus après la COP 21 sont pavés de bonnes intentions. Avec mes collègues du Front national, je m'y suis opposée, car ils auront pour conséquence majeure d’accélérer la désindustrialisation de l’Europe, réduite à devenir une zone de chalandise pour produits manufacturés dans des conditions environnementales et sociales accablantes. Un tel accord n'est pas crédible au regard des niveaux élevés de pollution des États-Unis et de la Chine par rapport à ceux des pays européens.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[228] " \t \t\n\n  Marie-Christine Arnautu (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Ce rapport s'inscrit dans le droit chemin du climatiquement correct. Il s'agit une fois de plus de distiller la peur en prenant pour prétexte le réchauffement climatique, réchauffement qui est très largement exagéré et dont les origines humaines ne sont pas du tout avérées scientifiquement. La conséquence de cet alarmisme climatique est la désindustrialisation de l'Europe, qui entraîne de facto une hausse des importations et donc de la navigation de gros cargos avides en carburant... L'hypocrisie est manifeste mais, conséquence de plusieurs années de matraquage idéologique et pseudo-scientifique de la part du GIEC notamment, personne n'ose s'en offusquer, hormis quelques courageux scientifiques et quelques journalistes.\n\nQue penser aussi de ces pays, qui comme les États-Unis, se disent préoccupés par le climat et imposent à ce titre des contraintes internationales qu'eux-mêmes ne respectent pas ?\n\nCes grands-messes climatiques sont des sources de gaspillages colossales au service du mondialisme. Aujourd'hui, on n'enseigne plus la défense de la patrie, mais la défense du climat et la nécessité d'établir une gouvernance mondiale!\n\nJ’ai par conséquent voté contre ce rapport.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[229] " \t \t\n\n  Marie-Christine Arnautu (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Le système d'échange de quotas d'émission mis en place par le protocole de Kyoto en 1997 a été interprété comme un \"droit à polluer\". Il a donc provoqué l'effet inverse à celui escompté. Les émissions de dioxyde de carbone n'ont pas diminué, comme l'affirmaient les prévisions et modélisations antérieures. Les multinationales apatrides profitent de ce système en utilisant leur puissance financière pour racheter des droits d'émission à des sociétés plus modestes. Ce sont donc les petites et moyennes entreprises qui pâtissent le plus de ce système, alors que ce ne sont pas, et de loin, les plus pollueuses.\n\nUne réserve de stabilité, comme prévue par ce texte, ne serait qu'un modeste palliatif à un système en crise à cause de son inefficacité, qui, par ailleurs, pénalise l'industrie des États membres pourtant déjà en difficulté. Pour toutes ces raisons, je me suis opposée à ce rapport.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[230] " \t \t\n\n  Marie-Christine Arnautu (NI), par écrit. ‒ Ce texte propose des mesures qui apparaissent peu pertinentes et peu efficaces au regard des préoccupations environnementales et ce, au sein d'un dispositif complexe.\n\nPar ailleurs, il s'agit d'un renforcement de la règlementation européenne et des exigences de contrôles imposées aux États membres par l'Union européenne. Un accord entre États membres s'avèrerait plus pertinent et abouti tout en permettant le respect des souverainetés nationales. La Commission ne peut pas se permettre de contourner l'absence d'un accord entre États par une règlementation supranationale.\n\nEnfin, ce texte ne s'attaque pas à l'intensification du libre-échange dans le commerce international qui est une cause majeure de la pollution par émissions de dioxyde de carbone.\n\nJ'ai donc voté contre ce texte.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[231] " \t \t\n\n  Jonathan Arnott (EFDD), in writing. ‒ Whilst I support appropriate improved environmental standards, and specifically appropriate research and development, I cannot support the totality of this report - and believe that it should be for the UK, not the EU, to decide which international agreements we sign up to.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[232] " \t \t\n\n  Jonathan Arnott (EFDD), in writing. ‒ I am concerned about the potential impact of this on our energy policy. There is a need to find cost-effective means of renewable energy. However, artificial targets caused by an overly alarmist point of view lead to renewables being introduced before the technology is available to ensure that they are economically sustainable.\n\nA better approach would be a research-based one, solving the storage problem first before introducing forms of energy production which are, for example, intermittent.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[233] " \t \t\n\n  Jonathan Arnott (EFDD), in writing. ‒ I voted against this, because the targets set will have a massive negative impact upon the economies of the nation states which are members of the European Union. The EU accounts for just 12% of global CO2 emissions; the UK for just 2%.\n\nUnilateral action will not impact upon the global concentration of CO2 in any meaningful way, but it will have a significant impact upon the economy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[234] " \t \t\n\n  Jonathan Arnott (EFDD), in writing. ‒ UKIP opposes the introduction of a Market Stability reserve, and the Emissions Trading Scheme. Therefore I voted against.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[235] " \t \t\n\n  Jonathan Arnott (EFDD), in writing. – If only the most alarmist climate predictions are taken into account, then action will be taken on short-term measures without a proper consideration of the future. This is, I believe, what is happening at present. But imagine that we developed renewables technology to a point where it became economically competitive first. People would not be in fuel poverty today, and when such technology becomes viable the advantages will see it taken up worldwide. Short-term targets lead to the development of the wrong forms of energy. Wind energy may well hit a target, but wind is intermittent and unpredictable and requires significant conventional backup. Investment in research now, and implementation when that research yields benefits, would benefit both the economy and the environment.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[236] " \t \t\n\n  Jonathan Arnott (EFDD), in writing. - I cannot support the wording of this resolution, despite believing that we should protect the environment of the world in which we live.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[237] "\t \t\n\n  Janice Atkinson (ENF). – Madam President, last month colleagues from across six nations this side of the House wrote to President Trump, urging him to pull out of the Paris climate agreement – and he did. He is putting American jobs first. He is fighting against global interests; he is protecting the nation state; he is trying to protect his citizens from terror. He is a president that has the guts to stand up to the global elites and their green hobbies. He puts American people first, instead of virtue signalling with other people’s money.\n\nTrump’s policies, like Brexit, have really challenged the status quo in this place, and that is why you are all so frustrated now. So good luck, President Trump. I wish you well, along with Steve Bannon, your chief strategist. You are winning, and we are winning, despite the rhetoric that goes on – and despite Ms May really messing up. But I am sure all my colleagues across this House would like to join me in wishing President Trump a very happy birthday.\n\n(Applause from some quarters)\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[238] "\t \t\n\n  Zoltán Balczó (NI). – Tisztelt Elnök Úr! Az Európai Unió elkötelezett az iránt, hogy teljesítse a párizsi klímavédelmi megállapodásban vállaltakat, és továbbra is élen akar járni a globális felmelegedés elleni küzdelemben. Ez támogatható. Ugyanakkor a Parlament által elfogadott célszámok, amit legutóbb az ilyen tárgyú jelentésnek az előadója egyenesen becsvágyónak minősített, nem vesznek tekintetbe két fontos szempontot. Az egyik: ezeknek a túlzó vállalásoknak vannak olyan hátrányos gazdasági, társadalmi következményei, amelyeket a tagállamoknak kell viselniük. A másik: az EU a teljes szén-dioxid-kibocsátás 10 százalékáért felelős. Globális problémát nem lehet lokálisan megoldani, csak világméretű együttműködéssel. A legfontosabb terület a klímadiplomácia. El kell érni, hogy az Egyesült Államok visszatérjen a párizsi megállapodáshoz. Az csekély előrelépés, hogy most már Trump elnök is úgy érzi, hogy van klímaváltozás, és az nem csupán a kínaiak átverési kísérlete.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[239] "\t \t\n\n  Zoltán Balczó (NI). – Elnök Úr! A nehézgépjárművek az Unió széndioxid-kibocsátásának 5 százalékáért felelősek, ezért a szabályozás indokolt ezen a területen. A jelenlegi uniós keretek nem teszik lehetővé, hogy a rendelkezésre álló információk összehasonlítóak legyenek. Ez a helyzet így nem ösztönzi a piaci szereplőket az energiahatékonyság fokozására és az innovációra.\n\nA rendelet az EU-ban nyilvántartásba vett új nehézgépjárművek széndioxid-kibocsátásának és üzemanyag-fogyasztásának nyomon követését szolgálja. Az adatokat az Európai Környezetvédelmi Ügynökség fogja kezelni, amit a tagállami hatóságok és a gépjárműgyártók nyújtanak be, és ezek nyilvánosan hozzáférhetőek lesznek. A javaslat kétségtelenül pozitív eredményeket fog hozni az üzemanyag-hatékonyság növekedése, és a légszennyezés csökkentése terén. Fentiekre való tekintettel támogattam a javaslatot.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[240] "\t \t\n\n  Zoltán Balczó (NI). – Elnök Úr! 2015 decemberében ez a Parlament úgy ünnepelte a párizsi találkozó eredményeit, hogy új időszámítás kezdődött a klímavédelem területén. Miért? Mert állítólag jogilag számon kérhető elkötelezettségek születtek. Én a Bizottsághoz fordultam. Megkérdeztem, hogy hogyan lehet majd számon kérni Obama elnök vállalását az USA vezetésén a jövőben?\n\nCañete úr teljes mértékben megnyugtatott, hogy kötelezően végre kell hajtani az USA-nak ezt. Új időszámítás kezdődött amikor Trump elnök kivonta a világ második legnagyobb szennyezőjét a Párizsi Megállapodás alól. Természetesen az Európai Unió teljesítse a kötelezettségét, járjon élen, de az teljesen abszurd, amit Juncker elnök mond, hogy az Európai Unió fog majd az USA helyére lépni, és helyette vállalásokat tenni, miközben csak tíz százalék kibocsátásért vagyunk felelősek. Ez teljes mértékben az európai ipar tönkretételét eredményezné.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[241] "\t \t\n\n  Zoltán Balczó (NI). – Tisztelt Elnök Úr! Tisztelt Főtitkár Úr! A napirendünkön ünnepélyes ülés szerepel, ugyanakkor egy fontos tartalmi döntést fogunk meghozni. A szavazatunkkal az Európai Unió ratifikálja a párizsi klímavédelmi egyezményt. Ugyan ezt több ország már megtette, köztük Magyarország is, mégis ez döntő lépés lesz a hatálybalépés tekintetében. Az Európai Unió tagországai élen jártak a klímaváltozás elleni küzdelemben. Ambiciózus célokat fogalmaztak meg és teljesítettek. Amikor azonban még az ambiciózusnál is ambiciózusabb célok merülnek föl, szeretnék ehhez két megjegyzést tenni. Talán nem ünneprontás, mert sokrétű felelősségünk van az európai lakosságért és egy európai gazdaságért is. Tehát a radikálisnál radikálisabb lépések esetén figyelembe kell vennünk, hogy Európa csak a kibocsátás 10%-áért felel, és adott esetben globálisan nem csökkenésre, hanem csak egy áthelyezésre kerül sor.\n\nTehát ennél ezeket a szempontokat figyelembe kell venni az európai gazdaság versenyképessége érdekében. A másik megjegyzés: a legfontosabb a párizsi klímamegállapodásban, hogy jogilag kötelező érvényű. Az Európai Uniónak azonban érvényt is kell szerezni minden tekintetben ennek, és nem lehetséges, hogy az Egyesült Államok – mint az egyik legnagyobb kibocsátó – a hozzáállása, majd a teljesítés attól függjön, hogy az elnökválasztáson vajon ki kerül hatalomra. Az érdekérvényesítés azt jelenti, hogy minden fél teljesítse azt, amit vállal.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[242] "\t \t\n\n  Zoltán Balczó (NI). – Az Európai Uniónak mindenek előtt egy kérdést tisztáznia kellene: utólag majd, visszatekintve a párizsi klímakonferenciára, mikor minősíti azt eredményesnek? Ebből a jelentésből az tűnik ki, hogy egy fő cél van, bizonyítani, amit már nem kellene, hogy az Európai Unió a klímaváltozás elleni küzdelem motorja, élharcosa, és most ambiciózusabbnál ambiciózusabb célokat fogalmazunk meg.\n\nEbben az szerepel, hogy 2030-ra a 40%-os csökkentés már csak alsó határ, 2050-re pedig a szén-dioxid-kibocsátás teljes megszüntetése. Ezek a célok nem reálisak és nem érik el a kívánt eredményt. Nem reálisak, mert nem veszik figyelembe a gazdasági hatást, a költségeket, az energiaköltségekre gyakorolt hatását, és nem érik el a célt, mert globális problémáról van szó. Az Európai Unió a kibocsátás 9%-áért felel, ezzel szemben az Egyesült Államok és Kína 35%-ért, ezért őket kell rábírni kötelező kibocsátáscsökkentésre, és ebben a 82 pontban egyszer nem szerepel ennek a megnevezése.\n\nA másik szempont, hogy a nukleáris energia sem szerepel, mint a fosszilis energiát kiváltó és a klímaváltozás szempontjából tiszta energia. Ebben a 82 pontban ez is elfogadhatatlan.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[243] "\t \t\n\n  Zoltán Balczó (NI). – Az Unió szén-dioxid-kibocsátáskereskedelmi rendszerét azért vezették be, hogy költséghatékony módon biztosítsa az EU kibocsátáscsökkentési vállalását. A 2020-as cél elérését az összkvóta automatikusan garantálja. Minden beavatkozás a piac működésébe, így a stabilizációs tartalék is a túlteljesítés miatt szükséges. Az ambíció miatt, miközben az EU a globális kibocsátás mindössze 9%-áért felelős. 2020 után az ingyenes kvóta csak a leghatékonyabban működő létesítmények számára maradna meg. Vagyis az a villamos erőmű vagy acélmű, amelyik az adott technológia mellett minden lehetséges fejlesztést elvégzett, de nem a létező legkorszerűbb, a dráguló kvóta megfizetésével versenyképtelenné válik és bezárhat. Munkahelyek tízezrei fognak megszűnni, az importáram meg jöhet Ukrajnából, az acél Indiából, ahol nem törődnek a szén-dioxid-kibocsátással. Ezt akarjuk?\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[244] "\t \t\n\n  Zoltán Balczó (NI). - A limai klímatalálkozót sikeresnek értékeljük, mert született egy aláírt dokumentum. Miért lenne ez önmagában siker, amikor az ENSZ kijelenti, hogy a fő célt, a globális felmelegedés 2 fok alatt tartását, nem sikerült elérni. Az Európai Unió megint ambiciózusnál ambiciózusabb célokat vállal és élen jár a kibocsátás csökkentésben. De miért nem vesszük figyelembe, hogy a globális kibocsátások 10%-áért vagyunk felelősek. Sokkal fontosabb lenne az USA-t és Kínát, a két legnagyobb szennyezőt, valódi kötelezettségvállalásra rábírni. Egyébként Kína és India azért írta alá a dokumentumot, mert ők – mint fejlődő országok – garanciát kaptak arra, hogy a tehetősebbek támogatják őket a klímavédelmi beruházásokban. Megkérdezem: az Unió és annak tagországa, Magyarország fogja támogatni azt a Kínát, amely a világ második legnagyobb gazdasága, hatalmas pénzügyi tartalékokkal?\n\n(A felszólaló hozzájárul egy „kékkártyás” kérdés megválaszolásához (az eljárási szabályzat 162. cikkének (8) bekezdése).)\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[245] "\t \t\n\n  Zoltán Balczó (NI), Kékkártyás válasz. – Nem világos, hogy a kérdés az én felszólalásomra vonatkozott-e. Ami a tízezer kilométeren való áthurcolást jelenti, az adott esetben éppen az a függetlenné válása az európai energiarendszernek, amit sokan említünk. És mondok egy klíma szempontjából jó megoldást, nem szennyezőt, tisztát, nem kell hurcolni hosszú vezetékeken energiát: nevezetesen az atomerőművek. Úgyhogy javaslom képviselő úrnak, hogy a klímavédelem érdekében emellett álljon ki.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[246] "\t \t\n\n  Zoltán Balczó (NI). - Elnök úr! Köszönöm a szót. Az elkövetkezendő konferenciáknak az alapvető tétje: sikerül-e az Egyesült Államokat és Kínát, a két legnagyobb szennyezőt valódi kötelezettségvállalásra és teljesítésre rábírni. Ha csak a hangulat lesz jobb, azzal semmire nem megyünk.\n\nAz Unió élen jár a szén-dioxid-kibocsátás csökkentése terén. Példát mutat, ez helyes. De olyan, un. ambiciózus célokat is megfogalmaz, amelyek valójában irreálisak, és eredményre nem vezetnek. Az éghajlatváltozás globális probléma. Ez azt jelenti, hogy helyi szinten nem oldható meg. Az Európai Unió a kibocsátás 10–12%-áért felel, és ez 2030-ra 4–5%-ra csökken. Tehát valójában csak globális szinten lehet ezen a téren előre haladni. Tudomásul kell venni, hogy a tagállamok kötelezettségvállalása egyben azt is jelenti, hogy az energiamixüket ők határozzák meg.\n\nPéldául vannak olyan országok, amelyek az atomenergiát mint tiszta energiát helyezik előtérbe. Természetesen jó lenne a zöld, megújuló energiák nagyobb térnyerése, de nem hunyhatunk szemet a költségek felett. Igen, mi, akik azt mondjuk, hogy az európai lakosság érdekeit képviseljük, soha nem beszélünk itt az energiaszegénység kérdéséről, hogy Európában nagyon sok családnak az energiaköltség egy hatalmas tétel, úgyhogy nem lehet ebből a kérdéskörből a költségeket kivenni. Köszönöm szépen, hogy meghallgattak.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[247] " \t \t\n\n  Gerard Batten (EFDD), in writing. ‒ We in UKIP are against this recommendation because we oppose the climate change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the Commission. They are the cause of our current damaging and counter-productive energy policy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[248] "\t \t\n\n  Nicolas Bay, au nom du groupe ENF. – Monsieur le Président, chers collègues, notre débat a pour objet «de lutter contre le climat de haine et la violence physique contre les titulaires de mandats élus démocratiquement».\n\nC’est un sujet que je connais bien, puisque les élus de mon parti, le Rassemblement national, et plus encore nos candidats, nos militants, font depuis très longtemps l’objet du lynchage permanent des médias dominants, mais aussi du harcèlement physique et moral des milices d’extrême gauche.\n\nC’est vrai en France mais aussi dans la quasi-totalité des pays d’Europe occidentale. De prétendus experts volent au secours de gouvernements de plus en plus contestés et crachent leur haine de tous ceux qu’ils qualifient avec mépris de «populistes», afin d’empêcher tout débat démocratique.\n\nC’est particulièrement le cas aujourd’hui en Allemagne. Je n’ai pas entendu de protestations très fortes quand notre collègue Beatrix von Storch a eu sa voiture incendiée, en octobre 2015. Et nous attendons toujours les condamnations fortes contre l’attaque, aussi violente que lâche, qui a visé le député du Bundestag Frank Magnitz. Dans la soirée du 7 janvier dernier, à Brême, M. Magnitz a en effet été passé à tabac et laissé pour mort par un groupe d’activistes gauchistes. Au lieu de s’en prendre enfin aux milices d’extrême gauche, le gouvernement allemand n’a rien trouvé de mieux que de mettre tous les élus de l’AFD sous surveillance des services de renseignement.\n\nDans cet hémicycle, il est pourtant encore des députés qui se revendiquent ouvertement de l’idéologie communiste, qui a pourtant fait des millions de morts.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[249] " \t \t\n\n  Nicolas Bay (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Cette résolution s’inscrit dans le cadre de la COP22 qui se déroulera à Marrakech en novembre 2016. Je suis contre cette résolution car nous sommes en désaccord sur de nombreux points: efforts incommensurables des États membres de l’Union, migrants climatiques, modalités et sources de financement de la lutte contre le changement climatique, etc.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[250] " \t \t\n\n  Nicolas Bay (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Ce rapport propose de donner le feu vert au Conseil pour la ratification de l’Accord de Paris issu de la COP21. Sur l’essentiel du sujet, je demeure opposé à la tartufferie des Accords de Paris qui serviront surtout à accélérer la désindustrialisation de l’Europe et à n’en faire qu’une zone de chalandise pour produits manufacturés produits en dehors du Vieux Continent dans des conditions sociales et environnementales accablantes.\n\nEn effet, il me paraît tout à fait contre-productif de poursuivre la stratégie engagée de «décarbonisation de l’économie» de l’UE tant que la Chine (qui prévoit d’augmenter sa pollution) et surtout les États-Unis n’auront pas rejoint les niveaux européens de pollution en équivalent tonne de CO2/habitant.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[251] " \t \t\n\n  Nicolas Bay (ENF), par écrit. ‒ De mauvais outils pour de mauvaises décisions afin d'éviter de remettre en question les dogmes mondialistes. Pourtant, c'est bien l'idéologie mondialiste qui tue notre planète.\n\nLes propositions s'avèrent contreproductives et nuisibles: elles ne font que déplacer des productions peu polluantes vers des pays moins normés, encourager la mondialisation (toujours plus d'échanges, donc de transports... et donc d'émissions polluantes) et soustraire à l'Europe sa puissance industrielle et donc économique.\n\nSi nous voulons sauver notre écosystème, il faut d'abord relocaliser nos économies: il s'agit là d'une condition sine qua non.\n\nErrare humanum est, perseverare diabolicum.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[252] " \t \t\n\n  Nicolas Bay (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Il est désormais clair pour tout le monde que le SEQE ne fonctionne pas. Mais plutôt que de le remettre en cause, les technocrates si chers à M. Schulz préfèrent créer une \"réserve de stabilité de marché\" afin de pallier ce dysfonctionnement avéré.\n\nCette dérogation au principe de l'autorégulation du marché – auquel les eurobéats sont habituellement attachés – apparaît ainsi comme un terrible aveu d'échec.\n\nMais pour nos industries, cette solution s'apparente à la création d'une nouvelle taxe indirecte. Et celle-ci leur sera d'autant plus préjudiciable que leurs concurrents extra-européens n'y sont pas soumis.\n\nEn fait, ce système ne profite qu'aux spéculateurs qui utilisent sans scrupules le prétexte écologique de la réduction des émissions de CO2 pour faire de la pollution une valeur marchande comme une autre.\n\nIl ne faut donc pas s'étonner que des escrocs de haut vol profitent de ce système vicié que vous avez mis en place: c'est bien ce que semble avoir fait un groupe d'affairistes voyous avec une gigantesque fraude estimée à plus de 5 milliards d'euros.\n\nJ'ai bien sûr voté contre ce rapport de même que je m'étais opposé au rapport Tajani en commission ITRE.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[253] "\t \t\n\n  Nicolas Bay (ENF). – Madame la Présidente, chers collègues, il est désormais clair pour tout le monde que le système d'échange de quotas d'émissions ne fonctionne pas. Mais plutôt que de le remettre en cause, les technocrates, si chers à M. Schulz, préfèrent créer une réserve de stabilité du marché du SEQE afin de pallier ce dysfonctionnement avéré. Cette dérogation au principe de l'autorégulation du marché, auquel les Européens sont habituellement très attachés, apparaît ainsi comme un terrible aveu d'échec. Mais pour nos industries, cette solution s'apparente à la création d'une nouvelle taxe indirecte et celle-ci leur sera d'autant plus préjudiciable que leurs concurrents extra-européens n'y sont pas soumis.\n\nCe système, en fait, ne profite qu'aux spéculateurs, qui utilisent sans scrupule le prétexte écologique de la réduction des émissions de CO2 pour faire de la pollution une valeur marchande comme une autre. Il ne faut donc pas s'étonner que des escrocs de haut vol profitent de ce système vicié que vous avez mis en place. C'est bien ce que semble avoir fait un groupe d'affairistes voyous, avec une gigantesque fraude estimée à plus de 5 milliards d'euros.\n\nCe sont les voix du Front national et de ses alliés, au sein de la commission de l'industrie, de la recherche et de l'énergie, qui avaient permis de faire échec au rapport Tajani. Vous pouvez désormais compter sur les voix du groupe Europe des nations et des libertés pour voter contre le rapport Belet.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[254] " \t \t\n\n  Nicolas Bay (NI), par écrit. ‒ Ce texte n'a finalement pas été soumis au vote. S'il l'avait été, j'aurais voté contre car il s'agit une nouvelle fois d'imposer une norme supranationale à l'efficacité douteuse.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[255] " \t \t\n\n  Nicolas Bay (NI), par écrit. — J'ai voté contre ce texte qui révèle une fois de plus l'incohérence de la politique européenne: celle-ci impose des normes environnementales très strictes à nos entreprises et refuse en même temps de protéger ces dernières de concurrents qui, eux, ne sont pas soumis aux mêmes réglementations.\n\nPlus fondamentalement, au lieu d'encourager une circulation accrue de biens et de personnes, qui génère toujours plus d'émissions de gaz à effet de serre, l'Union européenne devrait envisager la nécessité de relocaliser l'économie.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[256] " \t \t\n\n  Dominique Bilde (ENF), par écrit. ‒ J’ai voté contre la résolution car elle est contraire aux intérêts immédiats des États membres, leur demandant toujours plus d’efforts alors qu’ils se désindustrialisent à grande vitesse en raison des orientations voulues par l’Union depuis le début des années 2000 et notamment de la funeste théorie de «l’économie de la connaissance». D’ailleurs, les pragmatiques Britanniques entament une politique de redressement volontariste, comprenant qu’un grand pays n’aura jamais une économie performante sans industrie nationale.\n\nLa COP 22 est trop contraignante pour les pays membres de l’Union et ne sera pas respectée par la majorité des pays en voie de développement, lesquels polluent beaucoup plus. Nous soutenons les initiatives qui permettent vraiment de rendre notre planète plus viable et plus durable, sans faire peser une épée de Damoclès sur nos économies.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[257] " \t \t\n\n  Dominique Bilde (ENF), par écrit. ‒ L'enfer étant pavé de bonnes intentions, j'ai préféré m'abstenir sur ce rapport prévoyant de laisser le Conseil ratifier l'accord de Paris issu de la COP21.\n\nSi les objectifs environnementaux sont louables, les contraintes que l'Europe choisit d'imposer à ses industries font peu le poids face aux stratégies économiques de la Chine qui, si elle a ratifié l'accord, a pourtant d'ores et déjà prévu d'augmenter sa pollution. Il en va de même pour les États-Unis, qui ont certes politiquement envoyé un symbole fort en ratifiant l'accord, mais qui n'ont toujours pas rejoint les niveaux européens de pollution en équivalent tonne de CO2 par habitant.\n\nEnfin, je comprends que l'Union joue ici le chronomètre puisque de la ratification dépend son statut au prochain sommet mondial de l'ICAO à Montréal. Le principe de précaution ne semble pas s'appliquer à nos politiques industrielles.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[258] " \t \t\n\n  Dominique Bilde (ENF), par écrit. – Ce rapport a pour objet de déterminer la position du Parlement européen pour la 21e Conférence des parties sur le climat. Le rapport Pargneaux veut un objectif universel et contraignant et un financement de 100 milliards de dollars par an pour les PVD. Les efforts consentis passent forcément par plus de règles mondiales, pesant toujours de façon disproportionnée sur ceux qui ont le plus, sur les Européens. Les mesures proposées contribuent à désindustrialiser l'Europe pour encore plus d'importation et de mondialisation encouragée par les États-Unis, qui espèrent tirer parti de la désindustrialisation européenne. J’ai voté contre ce texte et ces propositions nuisibles qui ne font que déplacer des productions peu polluantes vers des pays moins normés, encourager la mondialisation et soustraire à l'Europe sa puissance industrielle et donc économique.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[259] " \t \t\n\n  Dominique Bilde (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Ce rapport qui doit créer une réserve de stabilité du marché pour le système d'échange de quotas d'émissions de gaz à effet de serre de l'Union a été motivé par la chute des prix sur le marché des quotas d'émissions de GES (les droits à polluer du protocole de Kyoto de 1997).\n\nLes prévisions d'évolutions des prix du CO2 ont donc été contrariées par la réalité, à savoir justement la chute des prix.\n\nCette réserve que l'on souhaite créer ne remet pas en cause fondamentalement le système. De plus, elle favorisera évidemment les grandes entreprises des secteurs polluants, qui disposent des fonds nécessaires afin de racheter les droits d'émission, et cela au détriment des industries de taille intermédiaire et des PME.\n\nCe rapport ne résout en rien la situation et reproduit dans ce système SEQE les défaillances du marché tout en rendant les entreprises moins compétitives et en rajoutant de la complexité que seules les grandes multinationales pourront comprendre et financer pour polluer plus.\n\nJ'ai donc voté contre.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[260] " \t \t\n\n  Dominique Bilde (NI), par écrit. – Ce rapport propose d'adopter la position du Conseil sur la surveillance, la déclaration et la vérification des émissions de dioxyde de carbone du secteur du transport maritime modifiant de la directive 2009/16/CE.\n\nL'objectif de la Commission est de combler le vide juridique en droit international quant à l'absence de réglementation sur l'émission de gaz à effet de serre dans les transports maritimes dans le cadre de l'OMI.\n\nMalheureusement, l'Union se trouve en totale contradiction avec ce rapport, puisque, d'un côté, elle encourage la mondialisation sauvage et l'ouverture des frontières, pour, de l'autre, se plaindre de la pollution qui est la conséquence de cette politique.\n\nJ'ai donc voté contre ce texte qui n'est ni efficace ni juste, puisqu'il nie les souverainetés nationales.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[261] " \t \t\n\n  Dominique Bilde (NI), par écrit. – Cette proposition de résolution sur la préparation de la conférence de Lima (ONU) sur le changement climatique qui soulève la question naturelle du développement durable et de la protection nécessaire du milieu naturel n'apporte pas de solutions crédibles au problème environnemental.\n\nLe texte et les amendements présentés dans cette proposition, basés sur des travaux du GIEC (dont on peut douter de l'indépendance), révèlent des défauts dans le fond. Les objectifs environnementaux notamment en termes de calendrier sont très flous, le financement des politiques climatiques est mal défini (Fonds Vert), et certaines parties ne relèvent en aucun cas de la politique environnementale mais plutôt de revendications extérieures comme au point 45 sur les \"approches respectant l'égalité des gens\".\n\nIl est bien évident que la seule exigence de résultats chiffrés ne solutionnera en rien les exigences écologiques à venir car il devient nécessaire de remettre en cause au préalable l'ensemble du système économique mondial basé sur le productivisme et la recherche de rentabilité à tout prix, quitte à négliger les causes pour la planète.\n\nCompte tenu de ces éléments, je me suis prononcée contre ce rapport.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[262] " \t \t\n\n  Mara Bizzotto (ENF), per iscritto. ‒ La risoluzione oggetto di voto è poco equilibrata e contiene criticità che mi hanno spinto a non sostenerla.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[263] " \t \t\n\n  Mara Bizzotto (ENF), per iscritto. ‒ Non condivido quanto sostenuto nella relazione che analizza la conclusione dell'Accordo di Parigi nell'ambito della Convenzione quadro delle Nazioni Unite sui cambiamenti climatici. Ritengo che con questo accordo l'UE si sia impegnata a garantire ingenti finanziamenti ai paesi in via di sviluppo senza però ottenere concretamente nulla in cambio, né da un punto di vista ambientale né da quello economico, e sono convinta che nuocerà fortemente alla competitività del tessuto produttivo dei nostri territori. In questo periodo di gravissima crisi economica e sociale in Europa, l'Unione non dovrebbe siglare accordi impossibili da mantenere se non chiedendo ulteriori sacrifici ai nostri cittadini. Per tutti questi motivi non ho sostenuto col mio voto questo testo.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[264] " \t \t\n\n  Mara Bizzotto (ENF), per iscritto. ‒ Ritengo che la relazione Pargneaux sulle prospettive del nuovo accordo internazionale sul clima di Parigi sia eccessivamente ottimista e non tenga conto della realtà dei fatti e dei risultati sin qui ottenuti. Non ho quindi inteso supportarla col mio voto.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[265] " \t \t\n\n  Mara Bizzotto (ENF), per iscritto. ‒ La relazione Belet è poco chiara e presenta passaggi che ritengo critici, per questo non ho inteso sostenerla col mio voto.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[266] " \t \t\n\n  Marie-Christine Boutonnet (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Le rapport \"vers un nouvel accord international sur le climat à Paris\" présente de mauvais outils pour de mauvaises décisions afin d'éviter de remettre en question les dogmes mondialistes et d'affaiblir la puissance des États membres. J'ai donc voté contre ce rapport.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[267] " \t \t\n\n  Marie-Christine Boutonnet (NI), par écrit. – Le transport maritime international est le seul moyen de transport qui n’est pas appréhendé par la politique européenne sur la réduction des gaz à effet de serre.\n\nOn peut douter de l’efficacité de l’action de la Commission européenne sur ce sujet, qui ne propose qu’une surveillance et une vérification des émissions de CO2, pour les gros navires qui utilisent les ports européens.\n\nJ’ai voté contre ce texte car la démarche adoptée est condamnable. En effet, je ne peux admettre la remise en cause de la souveraineté nationale par cette intrusion de l’Union européenne et la complexité réglementaire qu’elle encourage pour un impact littéraire qui s’avère limité.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[268] " \t \t\n\n  Steeve Briois (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Ce rapport propose de donner l’aval du Parlement européen au Conseil pour la ratification des Accords de Paris issus de la COP 21. Celui-ci est censé entrer en vigueur le 30e jour à compter de la date à laquelle au moins 55 parties à la Convention, représentant au moins 55% des émissions mondiales de gaz à effets de serre, auront déposé auprès des Nations unies les documents attestant de leur ratification.\n\nOr, l’Union européenne doit ratifier cet Accord avant le 7 octobre, date à laquelle se tient une réunion des parties à Montréal annonçant son entrée en vigueur. Nous sommes opposés aux Accords de Paris qui contribueront à accélérer la désindustrialisation en Europe. En effet, il est contre-productif d’engager la décarbonisation de nos économies tant que la Chine et les États-Unis n’auront pas rejoint les niveaux européens de pollution en équivalent tonne de CO2 par habitant.\n\nCes États utilisent le dumping environnemental comme un outil pour préserver leurs industries mais surtout leurs emplois. J’ai donc voté contre ce texte.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[269] " \t \t\n\n  Steeve Briois (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Ce rapport a vocation à déterminer le positionnement de l'Union européenne lors de la vingt et unième conférence sur le climat à Paris. La lutte contre le réchauffement climatique fait partie des principaux défis que les États auront à relever au XXIe siècle. Pour lutter contre le changement climatique, la Commission avait déjà adopté une mesure visant à réduire de 40 % les émissions de gaz à effet de serre entre 1990 et 2030. Force est de constater que les États membres de l'Union sont loin d'avoir atteint leurs objectifs en la matière, puisque la France n'en est qu'à -13 % tandis que l'Union est à -18 %.\n\nComme d'habitude, les instances européennes souhaitent renforcer les contraintes et les normes écologiques qui pèsent sur nos entreprises pour atteindre leurs objectifs délirants. Or, cette politique contribue à désindustrialiser notre continent au profit des pays émergents et des États-Unis, moins soucieux de l'environnement, et qui y voient l'occasion d'accroître leur compétitivité. D'un point de vue écologique, cette politique est contre-productive, dans la mesure où l'augmentation des importations vers l'Europe, résultant de ces délocalisations, renforce les émissions de CO2.\n\nJ'ai donc voté contre ce texte.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[270] " \t \t\n\n  Steeve Briois (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Le texte soumis au vote du Parlement prévoit une création d'une réserve de stabilité du marché pour le système d'échange de quotas d'émission de gaz à effet de serre (SEQE) de l'Union européenne afin de pallier les faiblesses du système antérieur. Le système mis en place visait à fixer un prix du carbone suffisamment haut afin d'inciter les entreprises à réduire leurs émissions de CO2 de la manière la plus rentable. Cependant, la solution proposée par la Commission ne garantit pas un fonctionnement optimal du système. Le prix du carbone reste en effet trop bas pour les grandes entreprises des secteurs les plus polluants qui ont les ressources financières suffisantes pour acheter ces droits d'émission, tandis que les PME et les PMI n'y parviennent pas. Les modifications apportées par le texte sont dérisoires et ne s'attaquent pas au cœur de la problématique. C'est pourquoi j'ai voté contre ce projet.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[271] " \t \t\n\n  Steeve Briois (NI), par écrit. ‒ La proposition de règlement du Parlement européen concerne la surveillance, la déclaration et la vérification des émissions de dioxyde de carbone du secteur du transport maritime. En l'absence d'accord international définissant des objectifs de réduction d'émissions de carbone, la Commission cherche à opérer un contournement réglementaire pour imposer aux États membres la surveillance et le contrôle des émissions de carbone. Cette dérive supranationale aura un impact environnemental réduit en matière de pollution atmosphérique. C'est une remise en cause globale de la mondialisation sauvage qu'il convient d'engager si nous voulons réduire les émissions de dioxyde de carbone dans le secteur des transports maritimes. C'est pourquoi j'ai voté contre ce texte.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[272] " \t \t\n\n  Gianluca Buonanno (ENF), per iscritto. ‒ Voto contrario. Approccio unilaterale, enfasi su nuovi strumenti di finanziamento su scala mondiale, da apprendisti stregoni della finanza globalizzata, enfasi sul riconoscimento dello status di rifugiato climatico. La politica climatica della UE è catastrofica.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[273] " \t \t\n\n  Gianluca Buonanno (ENF), per iscritto. ‒ Voto contrario. Si tratta dell'eliminazione definitiva delle quote di emissione già accantonate (cfr. back-loading) al fine di provocare un aumento artificiale del prezzo della quota, ritenuto troppo basso. È nota la cieca fede della Commissione nella capacità autoequilibrante del mercato. Perciò è alquanto singolare che essa consideri l'ETS il solo mercato non naturalmente ottimale e resiliente, presumibilmente in conseguenza dell'essenza particolarmente artificiale e ideologica di questo stesso mercato.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[274] " \t \t\n\n  Gianluca Buonanno (NI), per iscritto. ‒ Ho espresso voto contrario al provvedimento. Ho sempre espresso una posizione fortemente critica verso la politica climatica, di cui questo provvedimento è parte. Nella fattispecie temo che il tutto si traduca in un inutile aggravio burocratico.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[275] " \t \t\n\n  Gianluca Buonanno (NI), per iscritto. – Ho votato contro: si tratta della solita risoluzione annuale sull'annuale Conferenza della Parti (COP) dell'UNFCCC, della solita politica climatica unilaterale suicida per le imprese ed inefficace contro l'inquinamento.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[276] " \t \t\n\n  James Carver (EFDD), in writing. ‒ UKIP voted against the Pargneaux report: ‘Towards a new international climate agreement in Paris’. The UK represents only 2% of global emissions; the EU only 12%. The European Union has chosen to destroy its economy while the rest of the world is behaving very differently. Whatever we do, global emissions will rise. EU Institutions are planning to spend unimaginable sums of money on mitigation measures which will only further damage our economy. UKIP believes that it is time to question the EU’s hysterical obsession with the new belief of climate alarmism.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[277] " \t \t\n\n  James Carver (EFDD), in writing. ‒ UKIP opposes the introduction of a Market Stability reserve, and the Emissions Trading Scheme. Therefore I voted against.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[278] " \t \t\n\n  Aymeric Chauprade (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Le rapport de M. Pargneaux vise à atteindre un objectif universel et contraignant, à savoir un financement de 100 milliards de dollars par an pour les pays en voie de développement. J'estime que les propositions contenues dans ce rapport sont contre-productives et nuisibles, car elles ne font que déplacer des productions peu polluantes vers des pays moins normés, en encourageant la mondialisation et en enlevant à l'Europe sa puissance industrielle, et donc économique. Aussi ai-je voté contre ce rapport.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[279] " \t \t\n\n  Aymeric Chauprade (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Je me suis opposé à ce rapport, car il ne tire pas les conséquences de l'échec du « droit à polluer » promu par le protocole de Kyoto. Le rapport encourage en effet la création d'une réserve de stabilité à la suite de la chute des prix sur le marché des quotas d'émissions de gaz à effet de serre. L'objectif, qui était une régulation à la baisse des émissions de dioxyde de carbone, a manqué sa cible, et la réserve de stabilité du marché échoue à transformer ce système.\n\nPar ailleurs, les grandes entreprises, les plus polluantes, se sont avérées être en mesure de s'offrir le rachat des droits d'émissions, les entreprises de taille intermédiaire étant de fait les plus contrariées par ces mesures.\n\nL'échec du système SEQE, qui reproduit les défaillances du marché et s'aligne sur les objectifs de financiarisation du secteur de l'environnement, m'a donc poussé à rejeter ce texte.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[280] " \t \t\n\n  Aymeric Chauprade (NI), par écrit. ‒ J'ai voté contre ce rapport qui est une nouvelle tentative de la Commission de passer outre la souveraineté des Etats-Membres. En effet, les eurocrates de Bruxelles cherchent ici se substituer à une norme internationale pour définir les objectifs de réduction d'émissions provenant du secteur maritime internationale. Définir une telle norme serait en effet le rôle de l'Organisation maritime internationale, c'est-à-dire aux Etats membres de cette organisation qui décideraient souverainement des mesures à mettre en place.\n\nOutre cette atteinte à la souveraineté des Etats, les mesures définies par la directive se heurteront à la réalité de la mondialisation sauvage qui elle-même garantie une pollution qu'aucune simple mesure de contrôle ou de surveillance ne permettra d'endiguer.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[281] " \t \t\n\n  Angelo Ciocca (ENF), per iscritto. ‒ Voto negativo per questa relazione sull'accordo di Parigi in tema di cambiamenti climatici. L'accordo di Parigi è la fotocopia del fallimentare accordo di Kyoto; entrambi gli accordi risultano fortemente a sfavore dei paesi industrializzati e nella realtà assolutamente inefficienti nella lotta ai cambiamenti climatici. Un accordo che maschera, dietro tematiche importanti sull'ambiente, enormi finanziamenti a paesi in via di sviluppo, come quelli petroliferi arabi, e che penalizza fortemente le nostre aziende che saranno soggette a normative vincolanti e relativi oneri per favorire invece le imprese emergenti di altri paesi, provocando di fatto una forte concorrenza sleale.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[282] " \t \t\n\n  David Coburn (EFDD), in writing. ‒ UKIP voted against the Pargneaux report: ‘Towards a new international climate agreement in Paris’. The UK represents only 2% of global emissions; the EU only 12%. The European Union has chosen to destroy its economy while the rest of the world is behaving very differently. Whatever we do, global emissions will rise. EU Institutions are planning to spend unimaginable sums of money on mitigation measures which will only further damage our economy. UKIP believes that it is time to question the EU’s hysterical obsession with the new belief of climate alarmism.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[283] " \t \t\n\n  Jane Collins and Mike Hookem (EFDD), in writing. – We in UKIP are against this resolution because we object to the Paris Agreement and the climate change alarmism supported by green lobbies. They are the cause of our current damaging and counter-productive energy policy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[284] " \t \t\n\n  Tim Aker, Jane Collins and Mike Hookem (EFDD), in writing. – We in UKIP are against this recommendation because we oppose the climate change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the EU Commission. They are the cause of our current damaging and counter-productive energy policy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[285] " \t \t\n\n  Jane Collins and Mike Hookem (EFDD), in writing. – UKIP voted against the Pargneaux report: ‘Towards a new international climate agreement in Paris’. The UK represents only 2% of global emissions; the EU only 12%. The European Union has chosen to destroy its economy while the rest of the world is behaving very differently. Whatever we do, global emissions will rise. EU Institutions are planning to spend unimaginable sums of money on mitigation measures which will only further damage our economy. UKIP believes that it is time to question the EU’s hysterical obsession with the new belief of climate alarmism.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[286] "\t \t\n\n  Jørn Dohrmann (ECR). – Hr. formand! Jeg vil også sige tak til alle, og dette er selvfølgelig en god dag, hvor vi kan diskutere, hvad det egentlig er, der er sket, hvorfor fik vi ikke klimacertificeringen med i aftalen, så man kan vise, hvem det egentlig er, der har gjort noget, og anerkende disse folk. Vi ved, at der er nogle lande, der betaler høje skatter, høje afgifter og selvfølgelig gør en masse på dette område. Men vi skal også sige, at der skal være denne byrdefordeling imellem rig og fattig. Vi skal have fleksibiliteten, vi skal anerkende, at vi har noget teknologi, som skal overføres til nogle af de lande, som jo kunne være bedre bidragsydere til, at vi kan gøre mere for klimaet. Så derfor er det vores hensigt, at man netop får udvidet muligheden for at vise, at man har noget afprøvet teknologi, som vil være med til at hjælpe klimaet fremadrettet, og det synes vi er den vej, vi skal gå, og derfor er det godt, at man på denne måde kan lave en byrdefordeling, som kan være til gavn for alle, men også tager hensyn til alle.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[287] "\t \t\n\n  Jørn Dohrmann (ECR). - Hr. formand! Efter denne beslutning vil EU have en ledende rolle på konferencen i Lima til december og med hensyn til at nå frem til en global aftale omkring klimaændringer i Paris næste år. Jeg glæder mig over den nylige aftale på Det Europæiske Råds møde i oktober om 2030-klima- og energipolitikken. Men for at EU skal være troværdig, skal vi være fair. Gennemførelse af disse mål er nøglen. Medlemsstaterne i EU skal bidrage på samme og retfærdige måde. Hvis EU ønsker at være førende i verden på bekæmpelse af klimaforandringer, er det nødvendigt med en retfærdig byrdefordeling blandt medlemslandene.\n\nVi er også nødt til at øge investeringerne i forskning og udvikling, fordi EU’s udgifter på dette område er for lave i forhold til de lande, vi skal konkurrere med i fremtiden. For at aftalen skal være effektiv, skal den også accepteres af alle lande, herunder også af Kina og de nye industrilande. Hvis det ikke sker, risikerer EU at miste sin vækst, sin velfærd i fremtiden, og den vækstpakke, som Juncker har fremlagt i dag, vil så være spildt.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[288] "\t \t\n\n  Mireille D’Ornano, au nom du groupe EFDD. – Madame la Présidente, tandis que le Parlement débat d’environnement, de pollution atmosphérique et automobile, un mouvement citoyen inédit est né en France: les gilets jaunes, soutenus par 80 % des Français.\n\nÉcrasés de taxes, certains compatriotes ne pourront bientôt plus se rendre à leur travail en voiture tellement le carburant est cher. Au même moment, les Nations unies alertent sur l’écart croissant entre l’action des États et les engagements de la COP21. Or, c’est la mondialisation qui a favorisé la pollution, et ce, via l’importation massive de produits conçus à l’autre bout du monde. Alors, qu’attendons-nous pour sanctionner non pas les citoyens, mais les vrais pollueurs? Le transport maritime utilisant du fioul de très mauvaise qualité avec des rejets d’oxyde de soufre, d’oxyde d’azote et de particules fines est bien pire que le diesel. Qu’attendons-nous pour favoriser les circuits courts?\n\nSoyons lucides, ce n’est pas en favorisant le libre-échange avec le monde entier que l’Union européenne remplira les objectifs annoncés.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[289] "\t \t\n\n  Mireille D’Ornano (EFDD). – Madame la Présidente, ne comptez pas sur moi pour soutenir un énième renforcement des prérogatives de la Commission sur ce sujet. Car si notre planète va aussi mal, c’est à cause de l’intensification des flux, mais aussides traités de libre-échange défendus par l’Union européenne ou encore du productivisme agricole, qui est gravé dans le marbre des traités européens.\n\nDe même, ce texte appelle l’Union et ses États membres à être des partenaires actifs à l’international, mais aspire à ce que l’Union européenne s’exprimed’une seule voix.\n\nMais à quoi servent les États? À faire de la figuration?\n\nAlors, non, je ne souhaite pas donner à la Commission de rôle actif pour la COP 24, ni la voir relever le niveau d’ambition de l’accord de Paris. Non, je n’engage pas l’Union à jouer un rôle international quant aux marchés du carbone. Et enfin,non, je ne souhaite pas de dépenses supplémentaires au sein du Service européen pour l’action extérieure et de la Commission.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[290] "\t \t\n\n  Mireille D’Ornano, au nom du groupe ENF. – Monsieur le Président, Monsieur le Commissaire, le retrait annoncé des États-Unis de l’accord de Paris justifie plus que jamais une action dans le cadre des organisations internationales dont les États-Unis sont encore membres. Faut-il rappeler que l’immense majorité des États européens font, eux aussi, partie de la convention-cadre des Nations unies sur les changements climatiques ou encore de l’Organisation de l’aviation civile internationale (OACI) pour le secteur aérien ou de l’Organisation maritime internationale (OMI) dans le domaine maritime?\n\nAussi, ce n’est pas la signature, la ratification et l’application des accords de Paris par l’Union européenne qui feront revenir les États-Unis au cœur d’une action pragmatique, efficace et mondiale pour le climat.\n\nEnfin, l’Union européenne n’est pas à une contradiction près en voulant réduire les émissions d’un côté, tout en défendant, de l’autre, des modèles de libre-échange qui ne font qu’aggraver ces émissions.\n\nEn matière écologique, les circuits courts, la relocalisation des entreprises et le patriotisme économique, que nous proposons depuis des années, ne sont pas le problème, mais la solution.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[291] "\t \t\n\n  Mireille D'Ornano, au nom du groupe ENF.– Madame la Présidente, la grand-messe de la COP 21 sera vraisemblablement encore un échec. On attend des pays européens qu'ils portent le fardeau du monde en matière d'environnement. Voilà pourtant des années que l'Europe a bel et bien réduit ses émissions de gaz à effet de serre. Oui, nous avons investi, construit et développé des structures innovantes, propres et durables. Tout pour plaire, mais certains ici semblent oublier un point important, il s'agit de la réalité.\n\nNe vous en déplaise, l'effort fourni a coûté cher aux industries européennes. Nous pourrions consentir à un accord contraignant à la condition qu'un maximum de pays dans le monde y participent, car le cœur du problème est bien de fournir des efforts coordonnés et partagés. Or, depuis des années, les économies émergentes polluent à grande échelle et bon nombre d'entre elles refusent de s'associer à des accords contraignants, sous prétexte de préserver leur développement économique.\n\nMes chers collègues, plutôt que des incantations sur la réduction de la hausse des températures, cherchons un accord équilibré et large, ne cassons pas nos industries et notre compétitivité. Les réalités ne se décrètent pas, elles s'imposent.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[292] " \t \t\n\n  Mireille D'Ornano (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Alors que la conférence sur le climat (COP21) approche, le Parlement européen se prononce sur une énième tentative de réduction des émissions de gaz à effet de serre.\n\nL’instauration d’objectifs d’émissions toujours plus contraignants engendre de facto un déplacement de ces émissions vers des pays moins soucieux de ces règles, comme la Chine, l’Inde ou les États-Unis, et génèrent in fine une pollution bien supérieure. Par ailleurs la part de la pollution imputable au commerce et aux échanges mondiaux n’est pas abordée, autre dogme intouchable.\n\nAlors que les concurrents économiques de l’Europe (qui sont parmi les principaux pollueurs mondiaux) se réjouissent de cette autolimitation des Européens, les pays en voie de développement continuent eux aussi de contribuer à une situation dont seuls les Européens sont considérés comme responsables. Cette repentance écologique n’est profitable ni à notre économie, ni à la résolution des véritables problèmes d’émissions polluantes.\n\nJ’ai donc voté contre ce rapport qui s’inscrit dans une erreur que l’Union répète à chaque grand-messe climatique, selon laquelle l’Europe pourrait inciter les économies émergentes à choisir comme priorité l’écologie avant le développement économique.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[293] " \t \t\n\n  Mireille D'Ornano (ENF), par écrit. ‒ J'ai voté contre le rapport sur la proposition de décision du Parlement européen et du Conseil concernant la création et le fonctionnement d'une réserve de stabilité du marché pour le système d'échange de quotas d'émissions de gaz à effet de serre de l'Union. Au—delà de son insuffisance, cette réserve de stabilité favorise les grands groupes industriels, seuls dotés des capacités financières pour le rachat de droits d'émission. Comme souvent, ce rapport consiste à créer des instruments financiers dont les effets n'ont pas été préalablement mesurés. Par conséquent, il s'agit d'être responsable et de voter contre ce rapport construit bien plus sur des apparences que sur un quelconque changement de fond.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[294] "\t \t\n\n  Mireille D'Ornano, au nom du groupe ENF. – Madame la Présidente, Madame la Vice- présidente, l'Union européenne a voulu montrer son engagement à respecter les propositions et les recommandations du protocole de Kyoto, en mettant en place un marché pour les quotas d'émissions de gaz à effet de serre.\n\nCe mécanisme devait permettre une augmentation progressive du prix du CO2 et amorcer ainsi une transformation de notre économie. Hélas, les prévisions ont été contredites par la réalité, une fois de plus, car les prix se sont effondrés. La création d'une réserve de stabilité de marché n'est qu'un palliatif pour un système reproduisant des défaillances du marché.\n\nLe vrai débat aurait dû porter sur le système même d'échange de quotas et de régulation des émissions. Les pays de l'Union ont déjà fourni un effort considérable en la matière, alors que les pays en développement polluent toujours plus, rattrapant bientôt le niveau des pays du Nord.\n\nLe système de Kyoto est défaillant. Nos industries et notre compétitivité en subissent les conséquences. Chers collègues, cessons le bricolage de technocrates!\n\n(L'oratrice accepte de réponde à une question \"carton bleu\" (article 162, paragraphe 8, du règlement))\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[295] "\t \t\n\n  Mireille D'Ornano (ENF), réponse \"carton bleu\". – Oui, Monsieur Federley, mais comment défendre un système où les plus pollueurs sont la Chine et les États-Unis, que l'on écarte des objectifs contraignants? C'est un poids pour nos industries. Nous sommes donc désavantagés. C'est la raison pour laquelle nous devons être performants du point de vue économique et réalistes du point de vue environnemental.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[296] "\t \t\n\n  Mireille D'Ornano (NI). – Madame la Présidente, mes chers collègues, l'Union européenne engage un débat, une fois encore, avec de bonnes intentions, mais sans apporter de solution viable. Surveiller, contrôler et sanctionner le non-respect des objectifs de réduction des émissions de dioxyde de carbone dans le secteur des transports maritimes est un triptyque bien timide pour chercher à limiter la pollution atmosphérique. Vous ne tentez pas de résoudre le problème à sa source, c'est-à-dire un système économique mondialisé qui incite à un libre-échange sans limite et toujours plus intense.\n\nLa proposition que nous discutons est, par ailleurs, un ramassis de complexité et de coûts réglementaires. Il serait nécessaire d'associer davantage les acteurs économiques concernés afin de réaliser une étude solide sur les conséquences de cette proposition.\n\nJ'attire enfin votre attention sur la méthode qui a été choisie parce qu'il n'existe pas de dispositif satisfaisant, ici, prévoyant un accord international liant les États membres. La Commission devrait agir et imposer un cadre supranational? Non! Ce raisonnement va à l'encontre du respect de la souveraineté.\n\n(L'oratrice accepte de répondre à une question \"carton bleu\" (article 162, paragraphe 8, du règlement))\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[297] "\t \t\n\n  Mireille D'Ornano (NI), réponse \"carton bleu\". – Madame la Présidente, la proposition s'appuie effectivement sur le constat d'un manque d'accord, mais ce n'est pas à la Commission de combler ce vide. Les États membres sont les premiers concernés et doivent négocier cela dans un cadre multilatéral et international, et non supranational.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[298] " \t \t\n\n  Mireille D'Ornano (NI), par écrit. ‒ J'ai voté contre le rapport relatif aux émissions de dioxyde de carbone du secteur des transports maritimes.\n\nTout d'abord, ce texte propose des mesures qui apparaissent peu pertinentes et peu efficaces au regard des préoccupations environnementales et ce, au sein d'un dispositif complexe.\n\nPar ailleurs, il s'agit d'un renforcement de la réglementation européenne et des exigences de contrôles imposées aux États membres par l'Union européenne. Un accord entre États membres s'avèrerait plus pertinent et abouti tout en permettant le respect des souverainetés nationales. La Commission ne peut se permettre de contourner l'absence d'un accord entre États par une réglementation supranationale.\n\nEnfin, ce texte ne s'attaque pas à l'intensification du libre-échange dans le commerce international qui est une cause majeure de la pollution par émissions de dioxyde de carbone.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[299] " \t \t\n\n  Mireille D'Ornano (NI), par écrit. – Conformément à ma position en commission pour l'environnement, la santé publique et la sécurité alimentaire, j'ai voté contre la proposition de résolution qui se révèle être construite sur des idées vagues et des objectifs imprécis, certaines politiques étant projetées sur des échéances trop lointaines pour être réalistes. De plus, le texte ouvre la voie à des dispositions juridiquement contraignantes pour des États et propose des dégagements de masses financières importantes sans définir avec précision les objectifs et les moyens de contrôle de cette dépense. Il n'est donc pas acceptable de soutenir de telles entreprises par ailleurs fondées sur des travaux idéologiquement marqués. Enfin, ce projet de résolution présente des aberrations qui relèvent de la planification communiste où il est supposé que des objectifs atteints sont synonymes d’objectifs peu ambitieux. Ces politiques sont des fuites en avant qui n’ont plus de contact avec la réalité.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[300] " \t \t\n\n  Mireille D'Ornano (NI), par écrit. — Conformément à ma position en commission pour l'environnement, la santé publique et la sécurité alimentaire, je ne voterai pas en faveur de la proposition de résolution qui se révèle être construite sur des idées vagues et des objectifs imprécis, certaines politiques étant projetées sur des échéances trop lointaines pour être réalistes.\n\nDe plus, le texte ouvre la voie à des dispositions juridiquement contraignantes pour des États et propose des dégagements de masses financières importantes sans définir avec précision les objectifs et les moyens de contrôle de cette dépense. Il n'est donc pas acceptable de soutenir de telles entreprises par ailleurs fondées sur des travaux idéologiquement marqués. Enfin, ce projet de résolution présente des aberrations qui relèvent de la planification communiste où il est supposé que des objectifs atteints sont synonymes d'objectifs peu ambitieux. Ces politiques sont des fuites en avant qui n'ont plus de contact avec la réalité.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[301] "\t \t\n\n  Γεώργιος Επιτήδειος (NI). – Κυρία Πρόεδρε, τα δάση τα οποία, όπως ήδη έχει αναφερθεί, αποτελούν το 42 % της επιφανείας της Ευρωπαϊκής Ενώσεως, αποτελούν σημαντικό παράγοντα για την αντιμετώπιση της αλλαγής του κλίματος και τον μετριασμό των επιπτώσεών της, διότι απορροφούν και αποθηκεύουν το 10 % περίπου από το διοξείδιο του άνθρακος που αποτελεί ένα από τα αέρια του θερμοκηπίου και, με αυτόν τον τρόπο, αντιμετωπίζεται, όπως είπα και προηγουμένως, η επίπτωση από την κλιματική αλλαγή. Επιπλέον, το δάσος βοηθά τη γεωργία να αντιμετωπίσει τις συνεχώς αυξανόμενες ανάγκες σε τρόφιμα και ζωοτροφές και παρέχει την ξυλεία, η οποία αποτελεί πρώτη ύλη για τη βιοοικονομία. Για όλους τους παραπάνω λόγους, θα πρέπει τόσο τα κράτη σε ατομικό επίπεδο όσο και η Ευρωπαϊκή Ένωση συνολικά να εξετάζουν και να αντιμετωπίζουν με τρόπο ορθολογιστικό τη γαστρονομία και τη δασοκομία, ούτως ώστε να παίρνουν τα μεγαλύτερα πλεονεκτήματα, να μην καταστρέφονται τα δάση και να εκπληρωθούν οι στόχοι μέχρι το 2030 για την αντιμετώπιση κλιματικής αλλαγής.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[302] " \t \t\n\n  Γεώργιος Επιτήδειος (NI), γραπτώς. ‒ Θετικό στο συνολό του, παρόλο που μέσα στα άρθρα του , υπάρχουν και θέματα που δεν αφορούν την προστασία του περιβάλλοντος το οποίο οι ίδιοι που κυβερνούν κατέστρεψαν και απλά τώρα προσπαθούν να σώσουν ότι έχει απομείνει.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[303] " \t \t\n\n  Γεώργιος Επιτήδειος ( NI), γραπτώς. ‒ Καταψηφίζουμε, διότι, αν και το κείμενο περιέχει πολλά θετικά στοιχεία, όμως επικροτεί το σύστημα εμπορίας εκπομπών άνθρακα, στο οποίο είμαστε αντίθετοι.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[304] " \t \t\n\n  Γεώργιος Επιτήδειος ( NI), γραπτώς. ‒ Καταψήφισα την έκθεση, η οποία, ως και ανωτέρω, αφορά τη θέσπιση και τη λειτουργία αποθεματικού για τη σταθερότητα της αγοράς όσον αφορά το σύστημα εμπορίας δικαιωμάτων εκπομπής αερίων θερμοκηπίου, καθώς δεν δημιουργεί ένα συγκροτημένο και συμπαγές πλέγμα προστασίας του περιβάλλοντος από τη συγκεκριμένη δραστηριότητα.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[305] " \t \t\n\n  Γεώργιος Επιτήδειος ( NI), γραπτώς. ‒ Υπερψηφίζω διότι είμαι υπέρ κάθε προσπάθειας περιορισμού της εκπομπής διοξειδίου του άνθρακα. Βέβαια, υπάρχουν ακόμη πολλά βήματα που πρέπει να γίνουν μέχρι να επιτευχθούν τα επιθυμητά αποτελέσματα.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[306] " \t \t\n\n  Georgios Epitideios (NI), γραπτώς. - Κρίνουμε ότι η συγκεκριμένη πρόταση ψηφίσματος, αν και περιέχει αρκετά θετικά στοιχεία, κινείται σε λανθασμένη κατεύθυνση. Κατά την άποψη μας, μέσω του συγκεκριμένου ψηφίσματος προωθούνται συμφέροντα βιομηχανιών και επιχειρήσεων που θα ενισχυθούν για να γίνουν \"πράσινες\" με τα χρήματα των Ευρωπαίων φορολογουμένων.\n\nΕπίσης, προωθείται μια πολιτική, όσον αφορά τις αναπτυσσόμενες χώρες, που θέλει την ΕΕ να στηρίζει οικονομικώς κράτη εκτός της επικράτειας της για να μειώσουν τους ρύπους τους, τις εκπομπές επιβλαβών αερίων κλπ., ενώ θα μπορούσε η ΕΕ να μην έχει καν εμπορικές σχέσεις με χώρες που στον βωμό της \"ανάπτυξης\" θυσιάζουν το περιβάλλον.\n\nΕπιπρόσθετα, θεωρούμε υποκριτικό το ενδιαφέρον της ΕΕ για την μείωση των ρύπων σε τρίτες χώρες την στιγμή που σε κράτη μέλη της ΕΕ, όπως η Ελλάδα, το περιβάλλον καταστρέφεται από το καυσαέριο, το νέφος, τις παράνομες αλλά και νόμιμες - ακατάλληλες χωματερές και τις πυρκαγιές.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[307] "\t \t\n\n  Bill Etheridge (EFDD). – Madam President, I’ve listened to this with real interest. People say the EU doesn’t work. Well, this is entirely a great example of how it does. Climate change fanatics come here and tell us that we’re going to have plagues and death and species dying out and the world’s going to end. They come here with that message, then the people who want to have more control and more power in the EU take this and think, ‘Oh, this is great; we can say we’re going to tax more, we can say we’re going to spend more, control more, fine people, tell them what they can do, how they can produce things, and we can say, “if you don’t do it, the world’s going to end”’. It’s perfect, it’s a lovely symmetry that’s going on here.\n\nIf you really want to make a change, surely the best way is through incentives. Why not create an environment where companies and industries will make research look into this new greener technology that you want and actually make a profit doing it, rather than being forced into it from top down with the threat of all this alarmism and nonsense.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[308] " \t \t\n\n  Edouard Ferrand (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Vote contre: face aux efforts démesurés de l’Union européenne qui aboutissent à notre désindustrialisation pour faire produire dans des conditions plus polluantes ce que nous importerons, nous restons sur notre ligne habituelle.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[309] " \t \t\n\n  Edouard Ferrand (ENF), par écrit. ‒ J'ai voté contre cette délibération, parce qu'elle néglige les véritables outils pour lutter contre le réchauffement climatique.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[310] " \t \t\n\n  Edouard Ferrand (NI), par écrit. ‒ A partir du moment où seul l’État membre, ce qui va de soi, peut prendre des sanctions, il semble normal que la législation revienne exclusivement entre leurs mains. C'est pourquoi je refuse de voter un texte qui prévoit de donner plus de pouvoirs à la Commission sans pour autant proposer de solutions efficaces contre le problème.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[311] " \t \t\n\n  Lorenzo Fontana (ENF), per iscritto. ‒ Voto contrario alla risoluzione che non apporta le modifiche necessarie.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[312] " \t \t\n\n  Lorenzo Fontana (ENF), per iscritto. ‒ Voto contro la relazione in quanto a mio avviso cambia poco rispetto al precedente accordo, che si è dimostrato fallimentare, e contiene molti punti discutibili anche sotto l'aspetto economico.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[313] " \t \t\n\n  Lorenzo Fontana (ENF), per iscritto. ‒ Questa relazione sfortunatamente continua con il fallimentare approccio di enfasi sui nuovi strumenti di finanziamento su scala mondiale, di enfasi sul riconoscimento dello status di \"rifugiato climatico\" e, in linea generale, di miopi politiche climatiche dell'UE.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[314] " \t \t\n\n  Lorenzo Fontana (ENF), per iscritto. ‒ Voto contro la relazione che tratta l'eliminazione definitiva delle quote di emissione (già accantonate) al fine di provocare un aumento artificiale del prezzo della quota, ritenuto troppo basso. Vista la fede nel mercato che l'UE segue quotidianamente non si capisce la dissociazione in questo campo.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[315] " \t \t\n\n  Lorenzo Fontana (NI), per iscritto. ‒ La proposta vorrebbe introdurre un sistema per il monitoraggio, la comunicazione e la verifica delle emissioni di gas serra dovute ai trasporti marittimi. Crediamo che, visti i provvedimenti del passato, anche questo si tradurrà, nonostante le rassicurazioni, in un inutile aggravio burocratico.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[316] " \t \t\n\n  Lorenzo Fontana (NI), per iscritto. — Il mio voto è contrario in quanto non si intravede una strategia degna di questo nome per il pianeta e che anzi è assolutamente controproducente per l'UE.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[317] "\t \t\n\n  Λάμπρος Φουντούλης (NI). – Κύριε Πρόεδρε, το ζήτημα της υπερθέρμανσης του πλανήτη αλλά και γενικότερα όλες οι περιβαλλοντικές προκλήσεις που αντιμετωπίζουμε είναι εξόχως σημαντικά προβλήματα. Πάγια και αδιαπραγμάτευτη θέση μας είναι πως υποστηρίζουμε κάθε πρωτοβουλία, κίνηση ή συμφωνία με σκοπό την προστασία του περιβάλλοντος. Η συμφωνία στο Παρίσι είναι ένα βήμα προς τη σωστή κατεύθυνση, ακόμη κι αν διαφωνούμε σε κάποια επιμέρους στοιχεία της. Πρέπει να σημειώσουμε το εξαιρετικά θετικό γεγονός πως το συνολικό ποσοστό εδάφους στην Ευρώπη που καλύπτεται από δάση έχει αυξηθεί σημαντικά, όμως συγκεκριμένα κράτη μέλη αντιμετωπίζουν προβλήματα. Για παράδειγμα, λόγω της υπερθέρμανσης του πλανήτη και της συνεχιζόμενης ερημοποίησης μεγάλων τμημάτων της Βόρειας Αφρικής, παρατηρείται τα τελευταία χρόνια στην.\n\nΕλλάδα μια έντονη αύξηση της εμφάνισης νεφών σκόνης από τη Σαχάρα που προκαλούν προβλήματα στην υγεία των πολιτών, μιας και έχουν εντοπιστεί σε αυτά συγκεντρώσεις επικίνδυνων βαρέων μετάλλων, όπως είναι ο μόλυβδος, ο ψευδάργυρος και το αρσενικό. Επίσης διαπιστώνεται δραματική αύξηση των δασικών πυρκαγιών λόγω της ανόδου της θερμοκρασίας, οι οποίες με τη σειρά τους συντελούν στην καταστροφή μεγάλων δασικών και καλλιεργήσιμων εκτάσεων.\n\nΈχοντας αναφέρει όλα τα παραπάνω, θα ήθελα να επισημάνω ένα στοιχείο στο οποίο πιστεύω ότι πρέπει να δώσουμε ιδιαίτερη προσοχή: δεν θα πρέπει να επιβάλλουμε δυσανάλογα μεγάλους περιορισμούς στους Ευρωπαίους αγρότες διότι το μόνο που θα πετύχουμε έτσι είναι να οδηγήσουμε στη μείωση της ευρωπαϊκής αγροτικής παραγωγής, ενώ ταυτόχρονα θα εισάγουμε φθηνότερα αγροτικά προϊόντα από χώρες με πολύ χειρότερα πρότυπα προστασίας του περιβάλλοντος. Πιστεύω πως πρέπει να τεθούν σοβαροί περιορισμοί στις εισαγωγές αγροτικών προϊόντων από χώρες εκτός της Ενώσεως, καθώς μόνο με αυτό τον τρόπο θα μπορέσουμε να προστατεύσουμε το περιβάλλον, επιβάλλοντας στις χώρες αυτές την υιοθέτηση εξίσου αυστηρών περιβαλλοντικών προτύπων.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[318] " \t \t\n\n  Λάμπρος Φουντούλης (NI), γραπτώς. ‒ Υπερψηφίζω την πρόταση ψηφίσματος σχετικά με τη Διάσκεψη του ΟΗΕ για την κλιματική αλλαγή του 2016 που έγινε στο Μαρακές του Μαρόκου (COP22), αν και περιέχει θέματα που δεν αφορούν την προστασία του περιβάλλοντος, ενός περιβάλλοντος που κατέστρεψαν οι ίδιοι οι κυβερνώντες τώρα και απλά τώρα προσπαθούν να σώσουν ό,τι έχει απομείνει.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[319] " \t \t\n\n  Λάμπρος Φουντούλης (NI), γραπτώς. ‒ Υπερψηφίζω τη σύσταση σχετικά με το σχέδιο απόφασης του Συμβουλίου για τη σύναψη, εξ ονόματος της Ευρωπαϊκής Ένωσης, της Συμφωνίας του Παρισιού που εγκρίθηκε στο πλαίσιο της Σύμβασης-πλαισίου των Ηνωμένων Εθνών για την κλιματική αλλαγή διότι, αν και δεν αρκεί η Συμφωνία του Παρισιού για την αντιμετώπιση της υπερθέρμανσης του πλανήτη, θεωρώ ότι αποτελεί εντούτοις ένα μικρό βήμα προς την σωστή κατεύθυνση.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[320] "\t \t\n\n  Λάμπρος Φουντούλης (NI). – Κυρία Πρόεδρε, για μια ακόμα φορά συζητάμε σήμερα, όπως και τόσες άλλες φορές, για την υπερθέρμανση του πλανήτη μας. Για μια ακόμη φορά, θα ψηφίσουμε ένα κείμενο με το οποίο, λίγο πολύ, όλοι συμφωνούμε. Όμως, για να υπάρχει πιθανότητα να βελτιωθεί η τρέχουσα κατάσταση χρειαζόμαστε κάτι πολύ πιο δραστικό από μία ακόμα συμφωνία. Ακόμα και αν καταφέρουμε να έχουμε μία συμφωνία στο Παρίσι, η εφαρμογή της θα συναντήσει ανυπέρβλητα εμπόδια. Το πρόσφατο σκάνδαλο της Volkswagen αποδεικνύει ότι ευρωπαϊκές εταιρείες δεν σέβονται τις αποφάσεις και τα συμφωνημένα στην Ευρωπαϊκή Ένωση. Θεωρώ πως η Ένωση πρέπει να αλλάξει στρατηγική και να συμπεριφερθεί πολύ πιο επιθετικά. Οι υποψήφιες προς ένταξη χώρες, αλλά και κάθε άλλη χώρα που επιθυμεί να έχει εμπορικές και άλλες οικονομικές σχέσεις με την Ένωση, πρέπει να συμμορφώνονται με τους ευρωπαϊκούς κανόνες προστασίας του περιβάλλοντος. Χώρες με τεράστια παραγωγή, που μεγάλο μέρος της εξάγεται στην Ευρώπη, όπως η Κίνα και η Ινδία, να υποχρεωθούν να προστατεύσουν το περιβάλλον και η άρνησή τους να σημαίνει και το κλείσιμο της αγοράς μας στα προϊόντα τους. Σε κάθε περίπτωση, η προστασία του πλανήτη αφορά και εμάς, αλλά κυρίως τις επόμενες γενιές. Δεν μπορούμε πλέον να αρκεστούμε στα όμορφα λόγια, απαιτούμε πράξεις και τις απαιτούμε άμεσα.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[321] " \t \t\n\n  Λάμπρος Φουντούλης ( NI), γραπτώς. ‒ Καταψηφίζω τη νέα διεθνή συμφωνία για το κλίμα στο Παρίσι. Αν και η έκθεση περιέχει πολλά θετικά στοιχεία, επικροτεί το σύστημα εμπορίας εκπομπών άνθρακα, στο οποίο είμαι αντίθετος.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[322] " \t \t\n\n  Λάμπρος Φουντούλης ( NI), γραπτώς. ‒ Καταψηφίζω την παρούσα έκθεση για τη θέσπιση και τη λειτουργία αποθεματικού για τη σταθερότητα της αγοράς όσον αφορά το σύστημα εμπορίας δικαιωμάτων εκπομπής αερίων θερμοκηπίου, διότι δεν δημιουργεί ένα συγκροτημένο και συμπαγές πλέγμα προστασίας του περιβάλλοντος από τη συγκεκριμένη δραστηριότητα.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[323] " \t \t\n\n  Λάμπρος Φουντούλης ( NI), γραπτώς. ‒ Υπερψηφίζω τη σύσταση για δεύτερη ανάγνωση, την υποβολή εκθέσεων και την επαλήθευση των εκπομπών διοξειδίου του άνθρακα από τις θαλάσσιες μεταφορές και την τροποποίηση της οδηγίας 2009/16/ΕΕ, διότι είμαι υπέρ κάθε προσπάθειας περιορισμού της εκπομπής διοξειδίου του άνθρακα. Βεβαίως, υπάρχουν ακόμη περισσότερα βήματα που πρέπει να γίνουν μέχρι να επιτευχθούν τα επιθυμητά αποτελέσματα.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[324] " \t \t\n\n  Nathan Gill (EFDD), in writing. ‒ I am against this resolution because I object to the Paris Agreement and the climate change alarmism supported by green lobbies. I believe they are the cause of our current damaging and counter-productive energy policy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[325] " \t \t\n\n  Nathan Gill (EFDD), in writing. ‒ I am against this recommendation because I oppose the climate change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the Commission. They are the cause of our current damaging and counter-productive energy policy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[326] "\t \t\n\n  Sylvie Goddyn (EFDD). – Suite aux conclusions alarmistes du Groupe d’experts intergouvernemental sur l’évolution du climat (GIEC), la Commission européenne a décidé d’accélérer la réalisation des objectifs des accords de Paris pour 2050. Les peuples européens vont devoir expier ce qui a structuré leur mode de vie depuis un siècle et faire pénitence.\n\nLa pénitence sera douloureuse, et la Commission le sait puisqu’elle envisage prudemment un traitement différencié selon les États membres.\n\nMon pays, la France, est classé parmi les pays riches. La réalité est pourtant différente: 10 millions de Français vivent sous le seuil de pauvreté, l’économie française stagne et le chômage ne descend pas sous la barre des 10 %. Sur ce sujet, le président de la République, M. Macron, s’est heurté à la réalité sociale, il a déclenché la colère des gilets jaunes en augmentant les taxes sur l’essence.\n\nCela doit servir d’avertissement: l’écologie punitive, qui presse les plus démunis, est sans issue.\n\nJe vais donc vous faire des propositions: tout d’abord, pour diminuer les gaz à effet de serre et pour financer la transition écologique, il faut taxer les flux mondiaux avant de taxer les peuples. Nous pouvons aussi utiliser la Banque centrale européenne, comme vous l’avez fait pour sauver le système bancaire. Enfin, il faut mettre en place un protectionnisme intelligent, fondé sur des normes environnementales vertueuses et qui donneront un avantage compétitif à nos entreprises par rapport à leurs concurrentes étrangères.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[327] " \t \t\n\n  Sylvie Goddyn (ENF), par écrit. ‒ J'ai voté contre ce rapport sur la création d'une réserve de stabilité du marché pour le système d'échange de quotas d'émissions de gaz à effet de serre de l'Union.\n\nCe marché des émissions polluantes a été mis en place par le protocole de Kyoto en 1997. Il a en fait été interprété comme un \"droit à polluer\" et a eu l'effet inverse de celui escompté. Là encore, l'enfer est pavé de bonnes intentions. Un marché du CO2 a été créé de toutes pièces, ne reposant sur aucune réalité, sur la satisfaction d'aucun besoin et a donc connu une crise des prix qui le rend inefficace.\n\nLes diminutions d'émissions en Europe ces dernières années sont principalement dues à la crise économique et aux délocalisations des industries les plus polluantes vers des pays moins regardants en ce qui concerne l'environnement et la santé de leur population.\n\nFace à l'échec de ce faux marché du carbone, les mesures prévues par ce texte ne sont qu'un palliatif à un système incohérent faisant produire ailleurs ce que l'on consomme ici, jetant un voile pudique sur les conditions sociales et environnementales de production. \"Achetez cette pollution que je ne saurais voir\" n'est pas une posture responsable.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[328] " \t \t\n\n  Sylvie Goddyn (NI), par écrit. — Je voudrais rappeler les contradictions de la politique de l'Union européenne sur le climat.\n\nD'un côté, le projet de résolution considère que les changements climatiques représentent une menace imminente et potentiellement irréversible pour les sociétés humaines, la biodiversité et la planète.\n\nDe l'autre, l'Europe voue un culte à la déréglementation et à la libéralisation du commerce international, qui ont pour effet mécanique l'augmentation de la consommation d'énergie et des flux de marchandises. En bref, le commerce mondialisé est le premier facteur d'émissions de gaz à effet de serre.\n\nLa conférence de Lima est donc par avance vouée à l'échec puisque les politiques écologiques, quel que soit leur caractère contraignant, sont annulées par les politiques de libre-échange.\n\nC'est pourquoi j'ai voté contre cette résolution.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[329] "\t \t\n\n  Sylvie Goddyn (NI). - Madame la Présidente, Madame le Commissaire, je voudrais mettre ici en évidence les contradictions de la politique de l'Union européenne à quelques jours du sommet de New York sur le climat.\n\nEn effet, l'Europe est hypocrite. D'un côté, on impose à nos économies des politiques écologiques répressives et coûteuses au nom du réchauffement climatique et, de l'autre, on favorise un commerce mondialisé complètement désastreux pour nos emplois et dont le bilan carbone, pour raisonner comme vous, est catastrophique.\n\nCe que les politiques écologiques font, les politiques libérales le défont. De fait, pour prendre un exemple, lorsque vous importez un grille-pain fabriqué en Chine, il faut non seulement transférer les matières premières vers la Chine, les transformer dans des usines qui ont souvent un rendement énergétique trois fois inférieur aux nôtres, mais aussi réexporter le produit fini vers l'Europe. La question est: combien d'arbres faut-il planter pour compenser le bilan carbone de la fabrication et de l'importation de ce grille-pain?\n\nAlors je me pose la question suivante: l'Europe, en poursuivant cette politique libérale, ne cherche-t-elle pas en réalité à délocaliser la pollution en même temps que les emplois? Quand vous irez au sommet de New York pour exiger des pays en voie de développement qu'ils réduisent leurs émissions de carbone, n'oubliez pas que ces pays produisent de la pollution pour produire à bon marché les biens que nous importons. Il faut donc arrêter les faux-semblants.\n\nL'Europe, lors du sommet de New York sur le climat, peut montrer quelles sont ses vraies priorités. Soit sauver à la fois le climat et nos emplois, soit poursuivre un libre-échange débridé et destructeur. Il faut arrêter de se voiler la face. L'objectif climatique et le libre-échangisme généralisé sont totalement incompatibles.\n\nC'est pourquoi nous prônons, pour notre part, le développement des circuits courts et du localisme, car seul ce mode de production et de distribution permettra de réduire considérablement le bilan énergétique et le bilan carbone des transports de marchandises. Et surtout, cela permettra de stopper l'hémorragie d'emplois que vous avez déclenchée et que connaît l'Europe aujourd'hui.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[330] "\t \t\n\n  Bruno Gollnisch (NI). – Madame la Présidente, la décision du président Trump de retirer les États-Unis de l’accord de Paris a soulevé un tollé mondial. Même le président de Goldman Sachs, qu’on ne savait pas si soucieux de la planète, y est allé de sa petite condamnation.\n\nPour ma part, je ne dramatiserai pas cette décision. D’abord, parce que l’accord de Paris est très peu contraignant juridiquement, quoi que l’on en ait dit, et que rien ne permet de forcer son application par ses signataires. Il est avant tout un engagement politique. Ensuite, le retrait des États-Unis ne sera effectif qu’en 2020, et beaucoup d’autorités infrafédérales aux États-Unis – les États, les grandes villes – ont déclaré vouloir mener des politiques conformes aux accords. Enfin, parce que les Américains ont le sens des affaires: s’il s’avère lucratif d’investir dans l’économie verte et les secteurs économiques qui vont avec, ils le feront.\n\nMon inquiétude porte plutôt sur la perspective d’une surenchère européenne que, sous prétexte de compenser les effets supposés de ce retrait, l’on imposerait à notre économie.\n\nJe remarque que M. Pittella est devenu favorable aux droits de douane pour conjurer la concurrence déloyale quand il s’agit des États-Unis. J’espère qu’il le sera autant dans d’autres circonstances.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[331] " \t \t\n\n  Bruno Gollnisch (NI), par écrit. ‒ J’ai voté contre la ratification de l’accord de Paris sur le climat. Ce que l’on nous présente comme un accord contraignant n’est en fait que ce que le droit Romain appelait une pétition de principe. Rien n’y oblige juridiquement les États à réduire leurs émissions de gaz à effet de serre, ni sanctions ni incitations financières. Il n’y a aucun moyen fiable et contraignant de vérifier et mesurer la réalité des efforts auxquels les signataires se sont engagés. Je pense que la célérité avec laquelle les États-Unis, la Chine, le Brésil, l’Inde, parmi les pays les plus pollueurs de la planète, ont ratifié cet accord, avant même l’Union européenne, est un signe de son caractère avant tout déclaratoire.\n\nDu moins pour ces pays. Car, pour sa part, l’Union européenne a toujours eu à cœur de se poser en exemple mondial de vertu. Au prix de la désindustrialisation du continent et d’un chômage de masse. Mais au final, le désastreux bilan carbone de ses importations (méthodes de productions, transports longues distances) annihile ses efforts de bon élève. Aucun gain pour la planète n’en résultera, mais seulement de nouveaux problèmes économiques et sociaux pour les Européens.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[332] "\t \t\n\n  Marcel de Graaff, on behalf of the ENF Group. – (Inaudible) ... what they want to do with regard to climate change. The EU has nothing to do with this, and the EU should not ratify this climate agreement. Again, there are happy faces in this room because of this so—called historical landmark, and I understand that as the influence of the EU in this agreement is again evident.\n\nThe agreements are one-sidedly detrimental to developed countries, the climate effects are not clear at all and citizens must again bear enormous costs. The elite are laughing here while rubbing their hands. They will benefit from these climate action plans, but the hard-working citizens in the Member States will soon pay more for their electricity, their car, their heating, you name it. It is a shame.\n\nAt the moment that the EU is proudly ratifying this agreement, I see only one bright spot and that is that the Member States are free to fulfil or not fulfil this agreement any way they like, and that is a good thing.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[333] "\t \t\n\n  Roger Helmer (EFDD). – Madam President, may I, from this Hemicycle, send congratulations to President Trump for his wisdom and courage in pulling America out of the climate agreement in Paris and resisting the pressure from the green lobby, of which we have heard so much today. In fact, he has given America a huge competitive advantage in terms of industry and exports, which will be damaging to Europe if we cling to the outmoded climate passion that we have heard in this Hemicycle.\n\nSome colleagues will be familiar with the peer-reviewed paper published recently by Danish statistician Bjørn Lomborg, in which he estimates the cost of Paris at USD 100 billion by the end of the century, when the impact on climate will be 0.17 °C. In other words, an eye—watering amount of money for virtually no return. This is pure virtue signalling and gesture politics; we should be ashamed of ourselves.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[334] "\t \t\n\n  Roger Helmer (EFDD). – Madam President, I love to drive fast cars, and I just wish we had optional speed limits. But it seems we can have optional emissions limits under the Paris climate deal. We are told again and again that it is legally binding, but in fact it is no such thing.\n\nThere are no sanctions available, we are all terribly concerned about getting it ratified. But there is precious little hope that it will ever be implemented. If it were implemented, the EU only accounts for about 10% of global emissions, so we shall have no effect at all, while India and China continue to build coal-fired power stations. So what will we achieve?\n\nI will tell you what we will achieve: we will set in stone the competitive disadvantage in energy prices which we have chosen to impose upon ourselves. We will accelerate Europe’s relative decline, we will leave our children and grandchildren poorer. The only good news is that after Brexit the UK will be in a position to review the Paris deal. I very much hope we have the common sense to repudiate it.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[335] "\t \t\n\n  Roger Helmer (EFDD). – Madam President, well here we go again. Paris. Another UN climate conference: as ever, high hopes disappointed, commitments below expectation, delivery below commitments. We should remember that there is still a great deal of uncertainty about climate theory. It is not clear that the rise in atmospheric CO2 is anthropogenic or that atmospheric CO2 has anything like the effects postulated by the IPCC. Nor is it clear that the climate policies we are pursuing will have any material effect on levels of atmospheric CO2, or indeed on the climate, but it is absolutely clear that we are utterly unable to predict future changes. All the predictions so far have been falsified by the data, and it is clear that our climate policies will do far more economic damage than anything that could be conceived as a result of climate change. It is time to question our hysterical obsession with the new religion of climate alarmism.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[336] "\t \t\n\n  Roger Helmer (EFDD). – Madam President, we in Europe are facing a crisis of competitiveness, and that crisis is brought on by very high energy prices. We are seeing plants closing, jobs being lost. We are seeing investment moving offshore out of Europe entirely, and yet we in this House today are discussing a policy explicitly designed to make energy more expensive. We should be debating here today how we make energy less expensive.\n\nIt seems, colleagues, that we have an economic death wish. As my colleague Dr Reid has already said, any market mechanism (so—called) which starts out with a preconceived price level and which requires constant regulatory intervention in order to achieve that price is not, in fact, a market mechanism at all. What it is is an extremely cumbersome and bureaucratic and expensive carbon tax. So why do we not cut to the chase and have a sensible carbon tax or, better still, no carbon tax at all?\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[337] "\t \t\n\n  Roger Helmer (EFDD). - Mr President, the reason we need a EUR 300 billion investment package in the EU is because private sector investment is too low. The key reason for that is the eye-watering energy prices in Europe, which are a huge disincentive to investment. These high energy prices, Mr President, are not an act of God or of world markets; they are the direct results of policy decisions which we have taken here in this House. Our green policies are forcing energy-intensive business out of Europe altogether, taking their jobs and their investment with them. Often they go to jurisdictions with lower environmental standards, so arguably we could be increasing global emissions at the same time.\n\nOur objectives in Lima will make matters worse. We are proposing a USD 10 billion fund to assist developing countries on climate issues, but my constituents in the UK are already facing eye-watering energy prices, plant closures and job losses for your green policies. They will be appalled that we are asking them to sacrifice even more on the altar of climate alarmism.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[338] "\t \t\n\n  Roger Helmer (EFDD). - Madam President, it seems that some of our colleagues are determined to write a suicide note for European economies. Energy Commissioner Günther Oettinger said that Europe cannot afford a unilateral climate policy. Former Industry Commissioner Antonio Tajani said that we are creating an industrial massacre in Europe with energy prices. They were right. We should listen to them.\n\nOur energy prices are driving industry, jobs and investment out of the EU altogether, often to jurisdictions with lower environmental standards. We are damaging our economies and arguably increasing global emissions at the same time. Major economies around the world will not agree to swingeing emission cuts. We cannot lead if nobody follows. Our first priority in Lima must be to ensure that the EU is no longer disadvantaged in terms of energy prices compared with our major competitors.\n\nThere are 1200 new coal-fired power stations in the global pipe line. Emissions will rise whatever we do. Let us not ruin our economy in a futile attempt to halt the inevitable.\n\n(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 162(8))\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[339] "\t \t\n\n  Roger Helmer (EFDD), blue-card answer. – Well, I do not know the details of energy prices in your country, but I do know that Europe as a whole has the most expensive energy prices of any major economic area. I know that the reason for that is gross over-investment in inefficient and intermittent renewables. We are doing huge damage to our economy; there is no question of it. And we have to compete with America, which has cheap shale gas; with China and India, which have cheap coal and are building coal-fired power stations as if they were going out of style. Get real, realise the dangers. These are your countrymen’s jobs you are worrying about – or not worrying about.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[340] " \t \t\n\n  Jane Collins and Mike Hookem (EFDD), in writing. – We in UKIP are against this resolution because we object to the Paris Agreement and the climate change alarmism supported by green lobbies. They are the cause of our current damaging and counter-productive energy policy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[341] " \t \t\n\n  Tim Aker, Jane Collins and Mike Hookem (EFDD), in writing. – We in UKIP are against this recommendation because we oppose the climate change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the EU Commission. They are the cause of our current damaging and counter-productive energy policy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[342] " \t \t\n\n  Jane Collins and Mike Hookem (EFDD), in writing. – UKIP voted against the Pargneaux report: ‘Towards a new international climate agreement in Paris’. The UK represents only 2% of global emissions; the EU only 12%. The European Union has chosen to destroy its economy while the rest of the world is behaving very differently. Whatever we do, global emissions will rise. EU Institutions are planning to spend unimaginable sums of money on mitigation measures which will only further damage our economy. UKIP believes that it is time to question the EU’s hysterical obsession with the new belief of climate alarmism.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[343] " \t \t\n\n  Jean-François Jalkh (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Les accords de Paris, que la résolution nous enjoint à signer le plus rapidement possible, ne vont pas dans le sens des intérêts des pays européens. Je n’entends pas soutenir un projet contradictoire visant à nous désindustrialiser progressivement en accentuant nos efforts en faveur des fonds verts ou de l’économie circulaire, tout cela au profit d’une importation occasionnant une production plus polluante et d’une immigration toujours plus importante liée aux changements climatiques.\n\nAinsi, j’ai voté contre.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[344] " \t \t\n\n  Jean-François Jalkh (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Notre opinion sur les effets néfastes des Accords de Paris ne change pas. Ceux-ci vont poursuivre la désindustrialisation de l’Europe et miner des structures sociales et environnementales déjà bien entamées dans nos pays. La stratégie visant à «décarboner» notre économie ne fait que nous affaiblir davantage face à des pays autrement plus vastes et nocifs comme la Chine et les États-Unis qui se sont bien gardés, de leur côté, de s’aligner sur les niveaux européens de pollution.\n\nJ’ai donc choisi de m’abstenir.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[345] " \t \t\n\n  Jean-François Jalkh (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Prenant le prétexte qu’une réponse mondiale doit être apportée au réchauffement climatique, les institutions européennes surenchérissent la donne en ciblant l’industrie.\n\nLes remèdes imaginés proposent par exemple d’orienter les investissements vers des activités dites moins polluantes, contribuant à désindustrialiser l'Europe et entrainant de facto une hausse des importations (quid de la pollution des cargos sillonnant les mers?)\n\nAussi, on fait fi d’une réalité pourtant essentielle, le fait que les plus gros pollueurs (notamment les États-Unis) sont loin derrière l'UE. Et c’est là où le bât blesse. En effet, un enjeu aussi sérieux que le climat est malheureusement devenu, dans le jeu de la concurrence mondiale, une arme de désindustrialisation massive des Européens.\n\nLa seule entreprise mondiale pour le climat qui serait valable et équitable serait un accord sur des objectifs mesurés en pollution par habitant et un processus de relocalisation qui répondrait à cette course folle au libre-échange.\n\nIl est regrettable qu’une telle ligne ne soit jamais proposée.\n\nJ’ai voté contre.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[346] " \t \t\n\n  Jean-François Jalkh (ENF), par écrit. ‒ J'ai décidé de voter contre ce rapport sur la proposition de décision du Parlement et du Conseil sur la création d'une réserve de stabilité du marché pour le système d'échange de quotas d'émissions à gaz à effet de serre de l'Union.\n\nLe système d'échanges de quotas d'émissions mis en place par le protocole de Kyoto en 1997 a en fait été interprété comme un \"droit à polluer\" et a donc eu l'effet inverse à celui escompté. Les émissions de dioxyde de carbone n'ont pas diminué comme l'avaient anticipé les prévisions et modélisations faites auparavant. Ainsi, les plus grandes firmes profitent de ce système car elles possèdent les liquidités leur permettant de racheter des droits d'émission à des entreprises plus modestes. Ce sont donc les petites et moyennes entreprises qui pâtissent le plus de ce système, alors que ce ne sont pas, et de loin, les plus pollueuses.\n\nUne réserve de stabilité, comme prévue par ce texte, ne serait qu'un modeste palliatif à un système en crise à cause de son inefficience qui pénalise en plus notre industrie, déjà en difficulté.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[347] " \t \t\n\n  Jean-François Jalkh (NI), par écrit. ‒ J'ai voté contre le rapport relatif aux émissions de dioxyde de carbone du secteur des transports maritimes.\n\nTout d'abord, ce texte propose des mesures qui apparaissent peu pertinentes et peu efficaces au regard des préoccupations environnementales et ce, au sein d'un dispositif complexe.\n\nPar ailleurs, il s'agit d'un renforcement de la réglementation européenne et des exigences de contrôles imposées aux États membres par l'Union européenne. Un accord entre États membres s'avèrerait plus pertinent et abouti tout en permettant le respect des souverainetés nationales. La Commission ne peut se permettre de contourner l'absence d'un accord entre États par une réglementation supranationale.\n\nEnfin, ce texte ne s'attaque pas à l'intensification du libre-échange dans le commerce international qui est une cause majeure de la pollution par émissions de dioxyde de carbone.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[348] " \t \t\n\n  Diane James (EFDD), in writing. – We in UKIP are against this resolution because we object to the Paris Agreement and the climate change alarmism supported by green lobbies. They are the cause of our current damaging and counter-productive energy policy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[349] " \t \t\n\n  Diane James (EFDD), in writing. – We in UKIP are against this recommendation because we oppose the climate change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the Commission. They are the cause of our current damaging and counter-productive energy policy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[350] " \t \t\n\n  Diane James (EFDD), in writing. – I voted against the Pargneaux report: ‘Towards a new international climate agreement in Paris’. The UK represents only 2% of global emissions; the EU only 12%. The European Union has chosen to destroy its economy while the rest of the world is behaving very differently. Whatever we do, global emissions will rise. EU Institutions are planning to spend unimaginable sums of money on mitigation measures which will only further damage our economy. UKIP believes that it is time to question the EU’s hysterical obsession with the new belief of climate alarmism.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[351] "\t \t\n\n  Barbara Kappel, im Namen der ENF-Fraktion. – Frau Präsidentin, Herr Kommissar Cañete, Herr Kommissar Šefčovič! Sie haben heute ihre Netto-Null-Emissionsstrategie für das Jahr 2050 vorgestellt.\n\nDie vollständige Dekarbonisierung soll jährlich 290 Mrd. Euro kosten und es sind bis 2050 positive Effekte von 2 % der Wirtschaftsleistung zu erwarten. Einige Branchen – also speziell die, die an fossilen Energieträgern hängen – können in diesem Szenario komplett vom Markt verschwinden, aber das wird in Kauf genommen. Auch für die Mitgliedstaaten bedeutet es enorme Anstrengungen, die Klimaneutralität zu erreichen, bisher wurde der CO2-Ausstoß lediglich um ein Fünftel reduziert. Selbst wenn die kürzlich auf EU-Ebene beschlossenen Maßnahmen, wie der Ausbau der erneuerbaren Energie, die Steigerung der Energieeffizienz und die Reform des Emissionshandels umgesetzt würden, würde der Ausstoß bis 2050 um 60 % reduziert. Das ist ja noch weit entfernt von der Hundert-Prozent-Grenze des Null-Prozent-Szenarios.\n\nDer Weg dorthin führt über einen höheren CO2-Preis, bis zu 68 Euro/Tonne, sagt der Emmissions Gap Report. Derzeit liegen wir bei 19,77 Euro/Tonnen, eine Erhöhung also um das Dreifache – der Tod für manche Industrien. Deshalb bitte ich Sie: Lassen Sie uns weltweit hier im Einklang mit anderen Regionen handeln, lassen Sie uns die Energiewende nicht allein vollziehen. Lassen Sie Europa Vorreiter sein für eine klimaneutrale Wirtschaft – aber im Einklang mit den anderen.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[352] " \t \t\n\n  Barbara Kappel (ENF), schriftlich.– Ein weltweites Klimaschutzabkommen wie COP 21 sollte für alle Vertragspartner bindend und mit einem Vollziehungsmechanismus ausgestattet sein. Ebenso sollte ein solches Abkommen über die nötigen Sanktionsmöglichkeiten verfügen, damit sich alle unterzeichnenden Länder, ungeachtet ihrer Größe und ihres Exposures zum Klimawandel, auch an die verpflichtenden Bedingungen halten. Auf dem Weg zu COP 21 gab es zwar auf den ersten Blick einige erfreuliche Nachrichten, beispielsweise dass über 80 % aller Länder ihre freiwilligen Beiträge eingereicht haben und sich US-Großkonzerne wie Procter&Gamble oder Johnson&Johnson zum freiwilligen Klimaschutz verpflichten. Das ist – obwohl zu wenige nationale Vertragspartner das 2°C-Ziel wirklich erreichen – zwar ein erster Schritt, doch wird eine nachhaltige Emissionsreduktion ohne Verpflichtung und Implementierungs-Assessments nicht möglich sein. Auch haben einige große Verschmutzer Vorschläge gemacht, die sich so dynamisch an das Wirtschaftswachstum ihrer Länder anpassen und deren Reduktionsziele so weit von ihrer Verschmutzungsquote entkoppelt sind, dass sie kaum wirkliche Maßnahmen in Bezug auf den Klimaschutz erfüllen müssen. Für die EU und ihre Mitgliedstaaten bedeutet das, dass sie sich strenge Selbstverpflichtungen auferlegen – ein Faktum, das es in Zukunft sicherlich noch schwieriger gestalten wird, das hohe Niveau an globaler Wettbewerbsfähigkeit aufrechtzuerhalten.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[353] " \t \t\n\n  Barbara Kappel (ENF), schriftlich. ‒ Im Sinne des Weltklimas wäre es absolut wünschenswert, gelänge in Paris der Abschluss einer verbindlichen Vereinbarung, die tatsächlich von allen Unterzeichnern ratifiziert und eingehalten würde. Allerdings sind die Vorschläge aus den USA und China so formuliert, dass diese selbst kaum Maßnahmen treffen müssen. Dasselbe gilt für andere große Verschmutzer, wie beispielsweise Saudi-Arabien, das gar keine Vorschläge eingebracht hat. Unter diesen Voraussetzungen erscheint es für die EU schwierig, einseitig an sehr strengen Selbstverpflichtungen festzuhalten, ohne dabei an Wettbewerbsfähigkeit zu verlieren.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[354] " \t \t\n\n  Barbara Kappel (ENF), schriftlich. ‒ Zwar bin ich für eine Marktstabilitätsreserve, doch ist sie in dieser Form für mich nicht tragbar. Zum einen ist der zweite Teil der großen EHS-Reform – die Maßnahmen, die die Verlagerung von CO2-Emissionen betreffen – noch unklar, zum anderen ist die Haltung im jetzigen Bericht nicht förderlich für den Industriestandort Europa. Deshalb stimme ich gegen den Bericht.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[355] " \t \t\n\n  Barbara Kappel (ENF), schriftlich. – Die Marktstabilitätsreserve ist ein erster Schritt bei der Reform des europäischen Emissionshandelssystems. Vorgesehen ist eine Reduktion des Überangebots an Emissionszertifikaten, um damit Preisstabilität zu erreichen. Derzeit beläuft sich der Überschuss an Zertifikaten, die der Marktstabilitätsreserve zugeführt werden könnten, auf zwei Millionen Stück. Das entspricht bei einem Zertifikatspreis von 7,50 Euro einem Wert von 15 Milliarden Euro. Ebenso sollten die 900 Millionen Zertifikate aus dem Backloading in die Marktstabilitätsreserve verlagert und nicht in den Markt zurückgeführt werden. Der vorliegende Kompromiss sieht vor, dass die Einführung der Marktstabilitätsreserve schon 2019 beginnt und nicht erst 2021, wie im Kommissionsvorschlag angeführt. Auch bei der Ober- und Untergrenze von Zertifikaten, ab wann Zertifikate vom Markt genommen oder in den Markt zurückgeführt werden, gibt es unterschiedliche Ansätze. Was im vorliegenden Bericht aber komplett fehlt, ist eine Neuregelung in Bezug auf Carbon-Leakage-Maßnahmen, also eine Neuregelung für die Vergabe von Freizertifikaten, die insbesondere für die energieintensive Industrie von größter Bedeutung sind.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[356] " \t \t\n\n  Barbara Kappel (NI), schriftlich. ‒ Die Reduktion von CO2-Ausstoß im Schiffsverkehr ist sehr zu begrüßen. Daher stimme ich für diesen Antrag.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[357] " \t \t\n\n  Gilles Lebreton (ENF), par écrit. ‒ J’ai voté contre cette résolution car je suis en désaccord avec beaucoup de ses dispositions. Notamment parce qu’elle demande des efforts considérables aux États membres de l’UE alors que les autres États ne veulent pas s’engager à en faire autant. Et aussi parce qu’elle met en exergue l’accueil des réfugiés climatiques. Enfin, parce qu’elle demande que les subventions agricoles soient utilisées à des fins non agricoles...\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[358] "\t \t\n\n  Gilles Lebreton, au nom du groupe ENF. – Madame la Présidente, il est urgent de lutter contre le réchauffement climatique. Si rien n'est fait, l'Afrique ne pourra subvenir qu'à 13 % de ses besoins alimentaires d'ici 2050. Cela provoquera une invasion migratoire bien supérieure à celle que nous connaissons.\n\nLa COP22 de Marrakech va connaître un succès apparent. 62 pays représentant 51 % des émissions mondiales de gaz à effet de serre ont, en effet, déjà ratifié l'accord signé à Paris en 2015 dans le cadre de la COP21.\n\nMais l'Union européenne va pourtant s'engager dans un marché de dupes. Elle accepte, en effet, de réduire de 40 % ses émissions nocives, quand les États-Unis se contentent de 28 % et quand la Chine n'accepte d'envisager une réduction qu'après 2030.\n\nJe dénonce donc l'irresponsabilité de l'Union, qui va accélérer la désindustrialisation de l'Europe, en se soumettant unilatéralement à des contraintes qui ne pèseront pas sur ses principaux concurrents économiques.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[359] " \t \t\n\n  Gilles Lebreton (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Je me suis abstenu car, certes, les accords de Paris sont pavés de bonnes intentions, mais ils serviront surtout à accélérer la désindustrialisation de l’Europe et à n’en faire qu’une zone de chalandise pour produits manufacturés dans des pays tiers dans des conditions sociales et environnementales accablantes.\n\nIl est tout à fait contre-productif de poursuivre la stratégie engagée de «décarbonation de l’économie» de l’UE tant que la Chine (qui prévoit d’augmenter sa pollution) et surtout les États-Unis n’auront pas rejoint les niveaux européens de pollution en équivalent tonne de CO2/habitant.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[360] " \t \t\n\n  Gilles Lebreton (ENF), par écrit. ‒ J'ai voté contre ce rapport, car il pousse de façon irréaliste l'UE à être \"exemplaire\" en matière de lutte contre le réchauffement climatique. Les mesures qu'il préconise vont contribuer à désindustrialiser encore davantage la France et les autres pays de l'UE, au profit des États les plus pollueurs de la planète, comme la Chine et les États-Unis. Les Américains nous encouragent avec cynisme, car ils utilisent le débat climatique comme une arme de désindustrialisation massive des Européens. Seul un accord mondial permettrait de lutter réellement contre le réchauffement climatique.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[361] "\t \t\n\n  Gilles Lebreton (NI). - Monsieur le Président, l'Union européenne déploie des efforts méritoires pour lutter contre le changement climatique. Elle applique le protocole de Kyoto et l'amendement de Doha. Aujourd'hui, elle se fixe l'objectif de réduire ses émissions de gaz à effet de serre de 40 % d'ici 2030 et de 80 % d'ici 2050.\n\nSans nul doute, elle essaiera de persuader le monde, lors de la conférence de Lima en décembre prochain, de respecter l'objectif fixé par l'accord de Durban, à savoir l'adoption, fin 2015 à Paris, d'un traité contraignant pour contenir le réchauffement climatique à deux degrés maximum d'ici la fin du siècle.\n\nL'échec est hélas prévisible car la Chine et les États-Unis, qui sont les deux plus gros pollueurs, ne veulent pas faire d'efforts. J'en veux pour preuve que ces deux pays viennent de passer, le 12 novembre, un accord par lequel ils enterrent le processus de Durban. J'en tire deux conclusions. Premièrement, l'Union européenne a échoué dans ce domaine comme dans d'autres. Deuxièmement, les États européens doivent se préparer à faire face aux conséquences de cet échec, que le GIEC annonce dans son rapport de mars 2014: l'insécurité alimentaire, la pénurie d'eau, des déplacements massifs de population et des risques de conflits.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[362] " \t \t\n\n  Marine Le Pen (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Je me suis abstenue sur la conclusion, au nom de l'Union européenne, de l'accord de Paris adopté au titre de la convention-cadre des Nations unies sur les changements climatiques. Ce texte servira surtout à accélérer la désindustrialisation de l’Europe et à n’en faire qu’une zone de chalandise pour produits manufacturés dans des conditions sociales et environnementales accablantes.\n\nIl est tout à fait contre-productif de poursuivre la stratégie engagée de «décarbonation de l’économie» de l’UE tant que la Chine (qui prévoit d’augmenter sa pollution) et surtout les États-Unis n’auront pas rejoint les niveaux européens de pollution en équivalent tonne de CO2/habitant.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[363] " \t \t\n\n  Marine Le Pen (ENF), par écrit. ‒ J'ai voté contre la résolution concernant la création et le fonctionnement d'une réserve de stabilité du marché pour le système d'échange de quotas d'émissions de gaz à effet de serre. Cette réserve de stabilité est motivée par la chute des prix sur le marché des quotas d'émissions de GES, droits à polluer promus par le protocole de Kyoto, provoquant l'inverse de l'effet escompté, à savoir une régulation à la baisse des émissions de dioxyde de carbone. Les prévisions et les modélisations a priori concernant l'évolution des prix du carbone dans les secteurs éligibles ont donc été contrariées par la réalité.\n\nLa réserve de stabilité de marché s'avère donc un palliatif qui ne transforme pas fondamentalement le système, qui reproduit les défaillances de marché, poursuit les objectifs de financiarisation des secteurs de l'économie et de l'environnement, et contribue à rendre les industries des États membres moins compétitives.\n\nIl s'avère, par ailleurs, que les grandes entreprises des secteurs les plus polluants tirent leur épingle du jeu en ayant l'assise financière suffisante pour le rachat de droits d'émissions. L'allocation des quotas joue ainsi en défaveur des industries de taille intermédiaire.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[364] " \t \t\n\n  Philippe Loiseau (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Cette résolution s’inscrit dans le cadre de la COP 22 qui se déroulera à Marrakech en novembre 2016. Le Parlement européen y envoie une délégation officielle, qui ne participera pas aux négociations. Barbara Kappel y représentera le groupe ENL. Cette résolution doit formuler les vœux transmis aux négociateurs de la Commission.\n\nSans surprise, la résolution demande la ratification urgente des accords de Paris. Elle invite l’UE à toujours plus d’efforts: plus de budget pour les fonds verts, plus de contraintes sur les entreprises... Il est également fait référence à l’accueil des «migrants climatiques». Je me suis ainsi opposé aux contraintes incohérentes que nous impose l’UE, qui ont pour conséquence la désindustrialisation massive de nos pays et, dans le même temps, une production plus polluante ailleurs que nous importons.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[365] " \t \t\n\n  Philippe Loiseau (ENF), par écrit. ‒ J’ai rejeté ce rapport, qui propose de donner le feu vert au Conseil pour ratifier les Accords de Paris issus de la COP21. Au-delà des questions procédurales de ratification, nous demeurons opposés à ces accords.\n\nEn effet, ils vont surtout accélérer la désindustrialisation de l’Europe, pour n’en faire qu’un gigantesque marché où transiteront des produits manufacturés dans des conditions socio-environnementales accablantes.\n\nEnfin, il est totalement illusoire de poursuivre la stratégie engagée de «décarbonisation de l’économie» de l’UE, tant que les autres puissances commerciales et industrielles ne se mettent pas au diapason. La Chine (qui prévoit d’augmenter sa pollution) ainsi que les États-Unis sont très loin de rejoindre les niveaux européens de pollution en équivalent tonne de CO2 par habitant.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[366] " \t \t\n\n  Philippe Loiseau (ENF), par écrit. ‒ J'ai voté contre. Le système d’échange de quotas d’émissions de gaz à effet de serre de l’Union européenne ne réglera pas le problème. Son objectif initial n'a pas été rempli, à savoir une baisse des émissions de dioxyde de carbone. À cela s'ajoute aussi le fait qu'il n'a pas la possibilité d'obliger les principaux pollueurs (certaines grandes industries) à diminuer leurs émissions de gaz à effet de serre, du fait de leurs capacités financières leur permettant de racheter les droits d'émissions. Ce texte accentue la financiarisation de l'environnement, ce qui n'est pas une voie souhaitable.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[367] " \t \t\n\n  Philippe Loiseau (NI), par écrit. ‒ Vote contre. Je m'oppose à la volonté d'imposer pour le secteur maritime cet accord dans le but de réduire les émissions de dioxyde de carbone car il ne respecte pas les souverainetés nationales. Car la conséquence de cette décision sera de soumettre les Etats membres. Nous retrouvons comme toujours la volonté de l'Union européenne de s'imposer comme autorité internationale par le biais de normes supranationales.\n\nDe plus, l'objectif de réduction de dioxyde de carbone avec ses mesures de contrôle est en contradiction avec le système commercial défendu par l'Union européenne. Ce commerce qui repose sur le libre-échange sans aucune restriction est incompatible avec une volonté de baisser les émissions puisque par définition ce genre de commerce est \"pollueur\". La Commission ne s'attaque pas au vrai problème. Aucun résultat positif n'est à attendre.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[368] " \t \t\n\n  Dominique Martin (ENF), par écrit. ‒ J’ai voté contre cette résolution.\n\nCette proposition de résolution pose plusieurs problèmes. Tout d’abord, elle est très enthousiaste envers les accords de Paris et demande leur ratification. Or, nous nous sommes abstenus sur ce texte, en raison notamment des mesures de désindustrialisation qu’il prévoit.\n\nPar ailleurs, ses initiateurs cherchent à conférer au Parlement européen des pouvoirs qu’il n’a pas. Les auteurs veulent en effet envoyer une délégation du Parlement à la conférence COP 22 qui se déroulera à Marrakech. Une délégation qui ne peut être que symbolique! En outre, la résolution formule des vœux déraisonnables. En effet, elle invite les États membres à faire toujours plus d’efforts: augmenter les budgets pour l’énergie verte, faire peser encore plus de contraintes sur les entreprises, et enfin accueillir plus de migrants à cause du changement climatique! Nous trouvons donc cette proposition de résolution inacceptable.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[369] " \t \t\n\n  Dominique Martin (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Je me suis abstenu pour ce texte. Ce texte souhaite permettre au Conseil de ratifier l’Accord de Paris issu de la COP21. Or, cet accord prône la désindustrialisation de l’Europe et risque de transformer notre continent en zone de chalandise pour produits manufacturés dans des conditions sociales et environnementales scandaleuses, ce à quoi nous nous opposons.\n\nPar ailleurs, il est contre-productif de continuer nos efforts de «décarbonisation de l’économie», tant que la Chine et les USA restent bien au-dessus des seuils européens sur la valeur de CO2 par habitant.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[370] " \t \t\n\n  Dominique Martin (ENF), par écrit. ‒ J'ai voté contre ce rapport qui cautionne un système reproduisant les défaillances de marché. Ce système de quotas financiarise, une fois de plus, l'économie et l'environnement. Il joue contre les industries intermédiaires n'ayant pas l'assise financière des grandes entreprises des secteurs les plus polluants pour acheter des droits à polluer.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[371] " \t \t\n\n  Dominique Martin (NI), par écrit. ‒ Dominique Martin a voté contre ce texte. Ce rapport impose une norme supranationale et fait fi des souverainetés nationales et des différences qui existent entre les États-membres. De plus il est à craindre que cette proposition soit finalement peu efficace en matière de réduction de pollution atmosphérique.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[372] " \t \t\n\n  Georg Mayer (ENF), schriftlich. ‒ Klima- und Umweltschutz ist mir ein wichtiges Anliegen. Doch hier hat man den CO2-Ausstoß als wesentliche Säule für dieses Abkommen bestimmt. Da dies indirekt jene Länder unterstützt, welche auf Kernenergie setzen, habe ich dagegen gestimmt.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[373] " \t \t\n\n  Georg Mayer (ENF), schriftlich. ‒ Hier geht es um das Übereinkommen von Paris (COP 21). Dieses Abkommen soll dem Schutze unseres Klimas und unserer Umwelt gelten, jedoch stellt dieses Übereinkommen keinen Schritt in die richtige Richtung dar und ist mit meinem Verständnis für Klimaschutz nicht vereinbar. Hier wird die Atomenergie als probates Mittel zur Erreichung von Emissions-Reduktionszielen angesehen. Weiter zeigt die Studie des Corporate Europe Observatory (CEO), dass bei der COP 21 dieselben Global Player am Verhandlungstisch saßen, welche auch die TTIP und das CETA unterstützen. Daher hab ich dieses Übereinkommen abgelehnt.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[374] " \t \t\n\n  Georg Mayer (ENF), schriftlich.– Der Abschluss eines adaptierten rechtsverbindlichen Protokolls, welches tatsächlich von jeder Vertragspartei eingehalten wird, wäre prinzipiell wünschenswert. Leider werden sich die eigentlichen Verantwortlichen (USA, China) weiterhin nicht daran halten. Das einseitige Festhalten der EU an dieser Verpflichtung führt zu einem ungemeinen Wettbewerbsvorteil der USA und Chinas. Im Sinne der Erhaltung der Wettbewerbsfähigkeit der Union kann ich diesem Bericht nicht zustimmen.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[375] " \t \t\n\n  Georg Mayer (ENF), schriftlich. ‒ Der Abschluss eines adaptierten rechtsverbindlichen Protokolls, welches tatsächlich von jeder Vertragspartei eingehalten wird, wäre prinzipiell wünschenswert. Leider werden sich die eigentlichen Verantwortlichen (USA, China) weiterhin nicht daran halten. Das einseitige Festhalten der EU an dieser Verpflichtung führt zu einem ungemeinen Wettbewerbsvorteil der USA und China. Im Sinne der Erhaltung der Wettbewerbsfähigkeit der Union kann ich diesem Bericht nicht zustimmen.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[376] " \t \t\n\n  Georg Mayer (ENF), schriftlich. ‒ Ich habe gegen den Vorschlag der Marktstabilitätsreserve gestimmt, da ich der Meinung bin, dass es keinen Sinn hat, den Vorschlag der Kommission zu verwerfen. Außerdem wird keine zufriedenstellende Lösung für die bisher zurückgestellten Zertifikate geboten, und das angebotene System des Handels mit Zertifikaten erscheint zu undurchsichtig.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[377] " \t \t\n\n  Georg Mayer (NI), schriftlich. ‒ Ich begrüße den Standpunkt des Rates für die Überwachung von CO2-Emissionen im Seeverkehr.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[378] " \t \t\n\n  Georg Mayer (NI), schriftlich. — Die angestrebten Ziele sind zwar lobenswert, jedoch ist eine Umsetzung unrealistisch. Eine Realisierung der vorgeschlagenen Maßnahmen würde zu einer massiven Schädigung der Industrie in Europa führen, während andere Länder weiterhin nicht einmal ihre eigenen weniger ambitionierten CO2-Ziele verfolgen und dadurch international wettbewerbsfähiger werden. Ich habe mich der Stimme enthalten.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[379] "\t \t\n\n  Joëlle Mélin, au nom du groupe ENF. – Monsieur le Président, les changements climatiques constatés posent un problème crucial à tous les habitants de la planète.\n\nIl faut donc les aborder de manière responsable pour les anticiper et les traiter. Et pour être efficace, il convient d’être conscient de l’intrication de deux phénomènes. Le premier relève de la seule responsabilité humaine, après 200 ans d’industrialisation sauvage et de course à la productivité, avec une débauche d’énergie carbonée incontrôlée. L’autre relève des cycles climatiques naturels prouvés par l’étude des glaces polaires et a provoqué, à la fin de la dernière glaciation, une hausse de la température de plus de 4°C et une montée des mers de 120 mètres. L’homme n’y était pour rien. Alors que faire?\n\nCesser de dire que l’homme et les organismes vivants sont responsables de tout; sortir de l’angélisme de l’accord de Paris; rattraper le retard phénoménal de l’Union européenne en matière technologique et de solutions alternatives innovantes; cesser de nouer des accords de libre-échange non écologiques; refuser la mondialisation et la marchandisation de l’eau, de l’air, de la terre et anticiper leur gestion; limiter les contraintes pseudo-environnementales qui plombent les coûts des voitures, des logements et de la nourriture, et qui justifient des taxes de plus en plus insupportables pour les peuples.\n\nSortons en urgence du dogmatisme et passons à des... (le Président retire la parole à l’oratrice)\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[380] "\t \t\n\n  Joëlle Mélin, au nom du groupe ENF. – Monsieur le Président, c’est en partant du constat que les émissions de gaz à effet de serre proviennent à 38 % du transport routier que la Commission présentait en 2017 un système de surveillance et de communication des données relatives aux émissions de CO2 des véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs. Ce faisant, la Commission prend le risque d’être incohérente.\n\nEn effet, parallèlement à ce souhait de baisse des émissions de CO2 ayant conduit la France à promouvoir le moteur diesel, ce qui lui permet d’afficher des émissions de CO2 plus de 10 % inférieure à la moyenne européenne, la Commission, elle, s’est lancée dans la chasse au diesel au profit de l’essence. Or, force est de constater que les moteurs essence, consommant davantage que les moteurs diesel, émettent in fine 25 % de CO2 de plus que les moteurs diesel. C’est donc un cercle vicieux et les constructeurs ne savent plus à quoi s’en tenir. D’un côté, la chasse au CO2, de l’autre, la chasse au diesel.\n\nUne fois de plus, il s’agira d’une écologie punitive, avec des amendes administratives qui iront directement dans les poches de l’Europe, qui va venir frapper l’industrie des poids lourds au détriment d’une politique encourageant les bonnes pratiques en matière d’écoconduite et d’accompagnement des constructeurs et équipementiers vers des objectifs environnementaux viables économiquement.\n\nCette proposition de la Commission est d’autant plus déraisonnable qu’elle ne prend absolument pas en compte la réalité du processus de fabrication et d’utilisation des camions. En effet, les constructeurs fabriquent des châssis nus qui sont ensuite destinés à différents types de transport selon la caisse sous la remorque choisie pour l’utilisation finale. Les données du constructeur deviennent ainsi des données d’usine inutilisables et de facto inutiles, mais qui viendront effectivement faire grimper la facture du produit fini.\n\nAlors la seule option dont disposent les constructeurs actuellement est de se tourner vers les carburants alternatifs émettant moins de CO2, comme le GNL ou l’électricité. C’est ce que font déjà de nombreux constructeurs; mais les technocrates à l’origine de ce texte oublient simplement que ces différents types de carburant, s’ils sont adaptés à certains trajets courts, sont – à ce jour et pour un certain temps encore – relativement inutilisables sur des trajets de longue durée.\n\nAlors dans ce contexte, il serait plutôt dans l’intérêt de la Commission de s’atteler à encourager le développement de points de recharge et de distribution de carburants alternatifs avant de venir s’attaquer aux constructeurs qui se contentent de répondre à une demande d’un type précis de véhicule et correspondant aux besoins et aux possibilités actuelles.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                 
[381] " \t \t\n\n  Joëlle Mélin (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Cette résolution s’inscrit dans le cadre de la COP 22 qui se déroulera à Marrakech en novembre 2016. Le Parlement européen y envoie une délégation officielle, qui ne participera pas aux négociations. Barbara Kappel y représentera le groupe ENL. Cette résolution doit formuler les vœux transmis aux négociateurs de la Commission.\n\nSans surprise, la résolution demande la ratification urgente des accords de Paris. Elle invite l’UE à toujours plus d’efforts: plus de budget pour les fonds verts, plus de contraintes sur les entreprises... Il est également fait référence à l’accueil des «migrants climatiques». Je me suis ainsi opposée aux contraintes incohérentes que nous impose l’UE qui ont pour conséquence la désindustrialisation massive de nos pays et, dans le même temps, une production plus polluante ailleurs que nous importons.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[382] " \t \t\n\n  Joëlle Mélin (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Ce rapport propose de donner le feu vert au Conseil pour la ratification de l’Accord de Paris issu de la COP21. Sur l’essentiel du sujet, nous demeurons opposés aux Accords de Paris qui serviront surtout à accélérer la désindustrialisation de l’Europe et à n’en faire qu’une zone de chalandise pour produits manufacturés dans des conditions sociales et environnementales accablantes. Il est tout à fait contre-productif de poursuivre la stratégie engagée de «décarbonation de l’économie» de l’UE tant que la Chine et surtout les États-Unis n’auront pas rejoint les niveaux européens de pollution en équivalent tonne de CO2/habitant. Je me suis donc abstenue sur ce rapport.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[383] " \t \t\n\n  Joëlle Mélin (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Prenant le prétexte qu’une réponse mondiale doit être apportée au réchauffement climatique, les institutions européennes surenchérissent la donne en ciblant l’industrie.\n\nLes remèdes imaginés proposent par exemple d’orienter les investissements vers des activités dites moins polluantes, contribuant à désindustrialiser l'Europe et entrainant de facto une hausse des importations (quid de la pollution des cargos sillonnant les mers?)\n\nAussi, on fait fi d’une réalité pourtant essentielle, le fait que les plus gros pollueurs (notamment les États-Unis) sont loin derrière l'UE. Et c’est là où le bât blesse. En effet, un enjeu aussi sérieux que le climat est malheureusement devenu, dans le jeu de la concurrence mondiale, une arme de désindustrialisation massive des Européens.\n\nLa seule entreprise mondiale pour le climat qui serait valable et équitable serait un accord sur des objectifs mesurés en pollution par habitant et un processus de relocalisation qui répondrait à cette course folle au libre-échange.\n\nIl est regrettable qu’une telle ligne ne soit jamais proposée.\n\nJ'ai voté contre.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[384] " \t \t\n\n  Joëlle Mélin (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Le système d'échanges de quotas d'émissions mis en place par le protocole de Kyoto en 1997 a en fait été interprété comme un \"droit à polluer\" et a donc eu l'effet inverse à celui escompté. Les émissions de dioxyde de carbone n'ont pas diminué comme l'avaient anticipé les prévisions et modélisations faites auparavant. Ainsi, les plus grandes firmes profitent de ce système car elles possèdent des liquidités leur permettant de racheter des droits d'émissions à des entreprises plus modestes. Ce sont donc les petites et moyennes entreprises qui pâtissent le plus de ce système, alors que ce ne sont pas, et de loin, les plus pollueuses.\n\nUne réserve de stabilité, comme prévue par ce texte, ne serait qu'un modeste palliatif à un système en crise à cause de son inefficience, qui pénalise en plus notre industrie, déjà en difficulté.\n\nJ'ai voté contre.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[385] "\t \t\n\n  Morten Messerschmidt, on behalf of the ECR Group. – Mr President, it is now clear that last Friday’s agreement by EU environment ministers will bring forward the ratification of the Paris Agreement on Climate Change. As such, we recognise that the path is now clear for the European Parliament to give its formal consent, as foreseen by the Treaty.\n\nThe adoption of this agreement on the cumulative announcements by the end of the COP 21 of intended nationally determined contributions by 187 parties will now form the basis of a global effort. The ECR Group therefore notes that ratification will enable the EU to join with the United States, China and 60 other parties who have formally submitted their instrument of ratification. In light of this, the Paris Agreement will now become legally binding before the end of this year.\n\nThe Paris Agreement carries importance for all stakeholders, whether they be investors, businesses, civil society or policy-makers. Indeed, the global nature of the effort is made manifest by the 189 national climate plans which have been put forward. We should, however, be mindful that this step only marks ratification of the agreement and we await with interest to see how national governments across the EU will seek to implement the promises they have made.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[386] " \t \t\n\n  Bernard Monot (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Le rapport propose des objectifs ambitieux afin de réduire les causes du réchauffement climatique, et en premier lieu l'industrialisation.\n\nEn partant du principe que le réchauffement climatique doit être combattu de façon coordonnée et mondiale, le rapport Pargneaux veut un objectif universel et contraignant, ainsi qu'un de financement de 100 milliards par an pour les pays en voie développement.\n\nPlein de bonnes intentions, ce rapport est semé d'écueils. Par exemple, les efforts sont mesurés en pourcentage global, sans tenir compte de la pollution générée par habitant; les mesures demandées contribuent à désindustrialiser l'Europe et à augmenter ainsi les importations, faisant fi de la pollution engendrée par les cargos sillonnant les mers.\n\nDe plus, les États-Unis, plus gros pollueurs de la planète, ayant bien compris que ces mesures sont une arme de désindustrialisation massive des Européens, soutiennent ces mesures sans y participer.\n\nLa seule ligne audible serait un accord véritablement mondial, contraignant, avec des objectifs mesurés en pollution par habitant et la fin de la course au libre-échange pour engager un processus de relocalisation respectueux des souverainetés.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[387] " \t \t\n\n  Sophie Montel (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Sans surprise, la résolution est enthousiaste et demande la ratification urgente des accords de Paris. Elle invite l’Union à déployer toujours plus d’efforts: plus de budget pour les fonds verts, plus de contraintes sur les entreprises (mais en soutenant le développement économique du bout des lèvres), plus d’économie circulaire... Et plus de migrants à accueillir à cause du changement climatique! Je vote donc contre.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[388] " \t \t\n\n  Sophie Montel (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Ce rapport vise à donner feu vert au Conseil pour la ratification de l’Accord de Paris issu de la COP21 qui entrera en vigueur lorsqu’au moins 55 pays représentant 55% des émissions mondiales de gaz l’auront ratifié. La Chine et les États-Unis ont déjà ratifié l’Accord accélérant ainsi le processus de mise en application. Le conseil ne peut ratifier l’accord au nom de l’UE qu’avec l’aval du parlement européen.\n\nCependant, cet accord est éminemment critiquable puisqu’il risque d’accélérer la désindustrialisation des pays de l’UE et de donner encore plus de compétitivité aux pays ayant choisi de ne pas le ratifier.\n\nEn effet, les États-Unis ou la Chine n’ont pas les mêmes exigences en matières d’émission de CO2 par habitant. Enfin, cette compétence doit revenir aux seuls États et non à l’UE. J’ai donc décidé de voter de m’abstenir.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[389] " \t \t\n\n  Sophie Montel (ENF), par écrit. – Le rapport Pargneaux présente des propositions portant sur les objectifs ambitieux qu’afficheront les institutions européennes en vue de la conférence internationale sur le climat qui se tiendra en décembre à Paris. En plus des objectifs contraignants déjà pris par la Commission (-40 % d’émissions de CO2), le rapport propose un financement « de soutien » de 100 milliards de dollars par an pour les pays en voie de développement, transfert de fonds au détriment principal des États membres de l’UE, et des règles environnementales plus nombreuses et plus contraignantes pour les activités économiques. J’estime que les Français et les Européens ne peuvent porter la charge de sauver le monde à eux seuls, au détriment de leur bien-être, et que les mesures de dissuasion industrielle demandées contribueront à accentuer la désindustrialisation massive touchant nos pays, à plus de délocalisations vers des pays moins regardants, à plus de mondialisation et de flux polluants de transport, les plus gros pollueurs, les États-Unis et la Chine, sont loin derrière l'UE, ayant perçu que le \"climat\" est une arme de désindustrialisation massive en leur faveur au détriment des Européens. J’ai donc voté contre ce rapport.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[390] " \t \t\n\n  Sophie Montel (ENF), par écrit. – Ce rapport sur la réserve de stabilité du marché pour le système d'échange de quotas d'émissions de gaz à effet de serre de l'Union vise à contrebalancer la chute des prix sur le marché des quotas d'émissions de GES. En effet, le protocole de Kyoto de 1997 a mis en place un marché des droits à polluer qui est intéressant sur le papier, mais qui souffre de nombreuses lacunes, au premier rang desquelles: la non-participation des principaux pollueurs mondiaux.\n\nCette réserve de stabilité du marché pour faire face à l'évolution des prix du carbone ne remet pas en cause le système mais sera de nature à favoriser les grandes entreprises polluantes au détriment des PME, des ETI et des entreprises écologiquement vertueuses. Il rend les entreprises moins compétitives, tout en complexifiant le système, renforçant ainsi la situation des multinationales seules à même d'y faire face administrativement et financièrement.\n\nJ'ai donc décidé de voter contre.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[391] " \t \t\n\n  Sophie Montel (NI), par écrit. – Ce rapport propose d'adopter la position du Conseil sur la surveillance, la déclaration et la vérification des émissions de dioxyde de carbone du secteur du transport maritime modifiant la directive 2009/16/CE.\n\nL'objectif de la Commission est de combler le vide juridique en droit international concernant la réglementation des émissions de gaz à effet de serre dans les transports maritimes, dans le cadre de l'Organisation maritime internationale.\n\nUne fois de plus, l'Union se révèle dans son rôle de pompier pyromane. Elle alimente les flux internationaux, en poussant à la mondialisation à tout crin (où l'on produit à l'autre bout du monde pour importer ensuite en Europe), puis se plaint de la pollution qui en est la conséquence.\n\nEn plus d'être inefficace, ce texte nie les souverainetés nationales. Contestant toute réglementation excessive à l'échelle internationale qui lie les États membres, j'ai voté contre.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[392] " \t \t\n\n  Sophie Montel (NI), par écrit. – La Conférence des Nations Unies sur le changement climatique, qui se tiendra en décembre prochain à Lima, ne permettra pas, à l'évidence, de résoudre les graves problèmes des émissions de gaz à effet de serre. Le Groupe intergouvernemental d'experts des Nations Unies estime ainsi que les émissions mondiales sont passées de 38 milliards de tonnes en 1990 à 49 milliards en 2010. Le GIEC a par ailleurs, relevé que ces émissions devraient pourtant impérativement diminuer de plus de 50 %, et ce dans un court délai!\n\nL'objectif fixé par le protocole de Kyoto de voir diminuer l'émission des gaz à effet de serre de 5 % pour la période de 2008-2012 n'a déjà pas été atteint du fait de la non-participation des États-Unis. L'échec de cette conférence est donc prévisible, la Chine et les États-Unis ayant passé un accord le 12 novembre dernier qui a clairement enterré les objectifs de la plateforme de Duban (protocole faisant suite à celui de Kyoto). Les conséquences de cet échec annoncé seront dramatiques: pénurie d'eau, pollution, risque accru de conflits, sans oublier l'augmentation des flux migratoires. Pour toutes ces raisons, j'ai voté contre.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[393] "\t \t\n\n  Krisztina Morvai (NI). – Elnök Úr, kedves Képviselőtársaim! Egyre jobban idegesíti, bosszantja az európai embereket az a sok látható összefonódás, amely az európai döntéshozók és különböző gazdasági lobbicsoportok között van. Hát ez most csak véletlenül jutott eszembe, semmi köze ahhoz, hogy az éghajlatváltozással kapcsolatos nagy volumenű jelentésben megint nem szavazott meg egy olyan módosító indítványt a tisztelt Parlament, aminek szerintem nagy jelentősége van, és ami arról szólt volna, hogy harcolunk egyik vonalon ugye nagyon az éghajlatváltozás ellen, másik vonalon ott vannak ezek a transznacionális vállalatok, cégek, amelyek köztudottan olyan tevékenységet végeznek, ami hatalmas károkat okoz a környezetnek, és ezáltal az éghajlatnak. Lett volna egy olyan módosító indítvány, amelyik megkezdte volna a tárgyalásokat az ügyben, hogy ezeket szisztematikusan felelősségre vonják, és legyen vége ezen cégek büntetlenségének. Csodák csodájára még a Zöldek sem szavazták meg ezt a módosító indítványt, nem beszélve a legnagyobb frakcióról, a Néppártról.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[394] " \t \t\n\n  Franz Obermayr (ENF), schriftlich. ‒ Ich habe mich gegen diesen Bericht ausgesprochen, da im Bericht vor allem jene Staaten bevorzugt werden, welche auf Kernkraft setzen. Wären im Bericht verbindliche Ziele für den Anteil an erneuerbaren Energien enthalten, wäre meine Entscheidung anders ausgefallen. Leider wurde Österreich bisher immer betraft, obwohl wir weit sauberer produzieren als viele andere Länder.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[395] " \t \t\n\n  Franz Obermayr (ENF), schriftlich. ‒ Der Abschluss und die Annahme eines rechtsverbindlichen Protokolls, wie es hier beschrieben wird, ist nur dann wünschenswert, wenn es auch von allen Beteiligten eingehalten wird. Da sich die USA und China auch bei diesen Klimavereinbarungen aus der Verantwortung ziehen, bedeuten diese lediglich eine Beschneidung der Wettbewerbsfähigkeit der EU. Zudem sollen durch den Bericht neue Institutionen entstehen, die nationale Kompetenzen weiter beschneiden und deren Effizienz fraglich ist. Folglich habe ich dagegen gestimmt.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[396] " \t \t\n\n  Franz Obermayr (ENF), schriftlich. ‒ Der Handel mit den genannten Zertifikaten hätte ein wirksames System zur Reduzierung von Treibhausgasen sein können. Momenatan aber stellt er nur ein System zur Gängelung unserer Industrie dar, häufig an Standorten, die in den vergangenen Jahren und Jahrzehnten ohnehin bereits sehr viel Geld in den Umweltschutz investiert haben. Ich bin strikt gegen ein „weiter wie bisher“ im Zertifikatehandel und eine weitere Belastung unserer Industrie. Daher habe ich mich gegen den Bericht ausgesprochen.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[397] "\t \t\n\n  Franz Obermayr (NI). - Herr Präsident! Wir Europäer haben natürlich auch unseren Beitrag zur Bekämpfung des weltweiten Klimawandels zu leisten. Aber unser Vorgehen muss auch global abgestimmt sein. Vor allem, was die Verteilung der Kosten dieses Handels angeht, muss eine weltweit faire Verteilung der Lasten stattfinden. Laut einer Untersuchung der Johannes-Kepler-Universität in Linz in Österreich bedroht die Reduktion der CO2-Emissionen um weitere 40 % bis 2030 allein in Österreich circa 61 000 Arbeitsplätze. Dabei hat die Industrie in vielen europäischen Mitgliedstaten über den Emissionshandel ihren Beitrag zum Kampf gegen den Klimawandel bereits geleistet. Was aber ist mit den restlichen Industrienationen außerhalb der EU? Die USA haben sich aus dem Kyoto- Abkommen mehr oder weniger entfernt, die Türkei hat ihre Emissionen in den letzten 20 Jahren um 115 % erhöht.\n\nEs ist zwar schön, Ankündigungen von China und den USA zu hören – allein, gemessen wird man an den Fakten, an den tatsächlichen Taten, und da bin ich sehr skeptisch. Deswegen müssen wir auch den Druck auf unsere Wirtschaftspartner erhöhen. Wir sollten aufhören, die heimische Industrie ständig durch neue Vorgaben ihrer Konkurrenzfähigkeit zu berauben.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[398] " \t \t\n\n  Franz Obermayr (NI), schriftlich. — Wir Europäer haben natürlich auch unseren Beitrag zur Bekämpfung des weltweiten Klimawandels zu leisten. Aber unser Vorgehen muss auch global abgestimmt sein. Vor allem, was die Verteilung der Kosten dieses Handels angeht, muss eine weltweit faire Verteilung der Lasten stattfinden. Laut einer Untersuchung der Johannes-Kepler-Universität in Linz bedroht die Reduktion der CO2 -Emissionen um weitere 40 % bis 2030 allein in Österreich circa 61 000 Arbeitsplätze. Dabei hat die Industrie in vielen europäischen Mitgliedstaten über den Emissionshandel ihren Beitrag zum Kampf gegen den Klimawandel bereits geleistet.\n\nDer Bericht beinhaltet gute Ansätze für verbindliche Regelungen zum Klimaschutz, aber insgesamt sind die Ziele der EU unrealistisch und führen zu einer massiven Schädigung (nicht nur der energieintensiven Industrie) in Europa, während andere Länder weit weniger ambitionierte CO2-Ziele verfolgen. Die USA haben sich aus dem Kyoto-Abkommen mehr oder weniger entfernt, die Türkei hat ihre Emissionen in den letzten 20 Jahren um 115 % erhöht. Daher habe ich mich der Stimme enthalten.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[399] " \t \t\n\n  Margot Parker (EFDD), in writing. ‒ We in UKIP are against this resolution because we object to the Paris Agreement and the climate change alarmism supported by green lobbies. They are the cause of our current damaging and counter-productive energy policy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[400] " \t \t\n\n  Margot Parker (EFDD), in writing. ‒ We in UKIP are against this recommendation because we oppose the climate change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the Commission. They are the cause of our current damaging and counter-productive energy policy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[401] " \t \t\n\n  Margot Parker (EFDD), in writing. ‒ UKIP voted against the Pargneaux report: ‘Towards a new international climate agreement in Paris’. The UK represents only 2% of global emissions; the EU only 12%. The European Union has chosen to destroy its economy while the rest of the world is behaving very differently. Whatever we do, global emissions will rise. EU Institutions are planning to spend unimaginable sums of money on mitigation measures which will only further damage our economy. UKIP believes that it is time to question the EU’s hysterical obsession with the new belief of climate alarmism.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[402] " \t \t\n\n  Florian Philippot (ENF), par écrit. ‒ La protection de l'environnement est une priorité pour tous. Mais l'Union européenne n'a pas à ratifier des accords internationaux, c'est aux États souverains de décider démocratiquement ce à quoi ils souhaitent s'engager. Par ailleurs, le zèle de l'Union européenne est contre-productif: elle impose à ses membres des normes strictes, mais ouvre son marché à des pays qui produisent selon des critères beaucoup plus souples. Ainsi, l'Union européenne favorise en réalité la pollution de la planète en encourageant l'industrie de pays tiers pollueurs et le transport sur de longues distances d'une quantité de biens toujours plus importante. Des barrières douanières protégeant l'environnement et les producteurs locaux seraient bien plus efficaces que ce type d'accord. Il est incohérent de se rengorger de la COP21 tout en négociant le TAFTA. Je préfère donc m'abstenir.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[403] " \t \t\n\n  Florian Philippot (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Le rapport Pargneaux présente des propositions portant sur les objectifs ambitieux qu’afficheront les institutions européennes en vue de la conférence internationale sur le climat qui se tiendra en décembre à Paris. En plus des objectifs contraignants déjà pris par la Commission (-40 % d’émissions de CO2), le rapport propose un financement « de soutien » de 100 milliards de dollars par an pour les pays en voie de développement, transfert de fonds au détriment principal des États membres de l’UE, et des règles environnementales plus nombreuses et plus contraignantes pour les activités économiques. J’estime que les Français ne peuvent porter la charge de sauver le monde à leur seul détriment et que les mesures de dissuasion industrielle demandées contribueront à accentuer la désindustrialisation massive touchant nos pays, à plus de délocalisations vers des pays moins regardants, à plus de globalisation et de flux polluants de transport. Les plus gros pollueurs, les États-Unis et la Chine, sont loin derrière l'UE, ayant perçu que le \"climat\" est une arme de désindustrialisation massive en leur faveur aux dépens des peuples d'Europe. J’ai donc voté contre ce rapport.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[404] " \t \t\n\n  Florian Philippot (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Ce rapport sur la réserve de stabilité du marché pour le système d'échange de quotas d'émissions de gaz à effet de serre de l'Union vise à contrebalancer la chute des prix sur le marché des quotas d'émissions de GES. En effet, le protocole de Kyoto de 1997 a mis en place un marché des droits à polluer, qui est intéressant sur le papier mais souffre de nombreuses lacunes, au premier rang desquelles la non-participation des principaux pollueurs mondiaux. Cette réserve de stabilité du marché pour faire face à l'évolution des prix du carbone ne remet pas en cause le système mais sera de nature à favoriser les grandes entreprises polluantes au détriment des PME, des ETI et des entreprises écologiquement vertueuses. Il rend les entreprises moins compétitives, tout en complexifiant le système, renforçant ainsi la situation des multinationales seules à même d'y faire face administrativement et financièrement. J'ai donc décidé de voter contre.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[405] " \t \t\n\n  Florian Philippot (NI), par écrit. ‒ Le rapport Faria recommande de voter la position du Conseil en première lecture en vue de l'adoption du règlement du Parlement européen et du Conseil concernant la surveillance, la déclaration et la vérification des émissions de dioxyde de carbone du secteur du transport maritime et modifiant la directive 2009/16/CE.\n\nLe point de départ des motivations de ce texte est le souhait de la Commission de combler l'absence d'un accord international définissant des objectifs de réduction d'émissions provenant du secteur maritime international dans le cadre de l'Organisation maritime internationale et qui lierait les États membres.\n\nCe contournement est donc une méthode d'intégration des systèmes réglementaires européens et de construction normative à l'échelle internationale.\n\nPar ailleurs, l'objectif de réduction des émissions de dioxyde carbone en provenance du secteur maritime ne fait appel qu'à une surveillance et de contrôle des émissions, avec la possibilité de sanctions prises par l'État membre, alors que la logique même d'un commerce international sans limite et intense est une cause de pollution notable.\n\nCe texte ne respecte pas les souverainetés nationales et s'annonce peu efficace en matière de réduction de la pollution atmosphérique. Je vote donc contre.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[406] " \t \t\n\n  Florian Philippot (NI), par écrit. — Si la protection de l'environnement est sans aucun doute un enjeu majeur, la proposition de résolution d'aujourd'hui n'a rien de rassurant. Ses objectifs sont fixés à plusieurs décennies alors que l'Union européenne s'est montrée incapable d'anticiper à quelques années dans la plupart des domaines. S'agit-il de déléguer encore plus de compétences à l'UE afin qu'elle ajoute une catastrophe écologique à la catastrophe économique qu'elle a générée? Je vote donc contre cette proposition.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[407] "\t \t\n\n  Julia Reid (EFDD). – Madam President, the report states that we are facing an increased urgency for climate action and that there is a need for robust global implementation of the Paris Agreement. Yet there has been no discernible increase in global temperatures since the late 90s, despite an increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide.\n\nTo date, the EU’s implementation of the Paris Agreement, in conjunction with its climate policies, has seen large—scale carbon leakage from the EU to third countries, whose energy dependent industries, such as those producing ammonia, leave, taking thousands of jobs with them. An unforeseen circumstance of driving ammonia production to countries outside the EU, such as China and India, which now account for 60% of production, has perversely led to a shortage of carbon dioxide in the EU, causing problems for bakeries, abattoirs, breweries, manufacturers of soft drinks and food packaging companies. In my opinion, the EU should adopt a wait—and—see attitude, rather than continue along the path of decarbonisation.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[408] "\t \t\n\n  Julia Reid (EFDD). – Mr President, this report states that global warming is a real problem requiring clear and courageous decision—making, and yet there has been no discernible increase in global temperature since the late 1990s, despite an increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide. It would appear that initial climate models have been too pessimistic, with empirical data temperatures diverging from those forecast 10 years ago and climate scientists now admitting that previous forecasting models had exaggerated the amount by which temperatures would rise.\n\nWhat we are experiencing is a relatively inactive sun. Sunspot activity has been decreasing since 1996, with the sun being completely blank for 25% of last year, and to date, 2018 appears to be no different. In fact, solar scientists are predicting another Maunder Minimum. In my opinion, it would be best to adopt a wait and see attitude rather than to continue with current unilateral EU energy and climate policies that are profoundly damaging to the European economy, causing industry closures and job losses.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[409] "\t \t\n\n  Julia Reid, on behalf of the EFDD Group. – Mr President, the climate and energy package was imposed by the EU with the objective of achieving by 2020 a 20% reduction in CO2 emissions compared to 1990 levels. Since then, climate-obsessive politicians have set various objectives towards establishing targets that would involve the final deindustrialisation of Europe. We in UKIP disagree with the climate change alarmism which is the cause of the EU's current damaging and counterproductive energy policy. However, the Commission continues to impose never-ending objectives for emissions reductions which invest vast amounts of money into activities that will have little or no effect on climate. Realistically, we can expect global CO2 emissions to keep rising for several decades. The massive exit of EU industry and investment is not only damaging our economies, but by its relocation to countries with lower environmental standards it actually increases CO2 emissions.\n\nAfter Brexit the EU will be in charge of its own destiny and we in Britain will be able to formulate our own energy policy. The British people are looking forward to cheaper, reliable and affordable energy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[410] "\t \t\n\n  Julia Reid, on behalf of the EFDD Group. – Mr President, over the years I have witnessed in this House the perverse mechanism of the EU continuing to further develop a failing project. In the UK, we would say that this amounted to flogging a dead horse. The EU ETS is an example of this. However, in this instance, the project is one of the biggest threats to European industry and competitiveness. Once again, we are expanding and strengthening its remit. This time the European Commission proposal, Climate Action Regulation implementing the Paris Agreement, covers all sectors that currently fall outside the EU emission trading system, with particular regard to transport, waste, environment and agriculture. The aim of this proposal is to deliver, in the relevant sectors, 30% emissions reductions by 2030 compared to 2005 levels. The Paris Agreement sets out the goal to keep global temperature increases well below 2 °C and to strive for no more than 1.5 °C temperature increase. Consistent with these goals, the Paris Agreement also requires that zero net emissions must be achieved in the second half of this century. In addition, in 2009, the EU adopted its objective of 80—95% greenhouse gas emission reductions by 2050.\n\nThe EU’s climate and energy policies keep perpetuating the same misguided path, continuing to be the solo leader in the futile battle against climate change, whereas the USA and others are acting in favour of progress and prosperity. The sole effect that this huge burden of climate regulation is going to have is to exacerbate the crisis already being experienced by European Union industries that are forced to move offshore, taking their emissions and their jobs with them. My party and I oppose the EU climate and energy policy. We reject climate hysteria and believe that the EU should accept that the Paris Agreement is close to its end.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[411] " \t \t\n\n  Julia Reid (EFDD), in writing. ‒ We in UKIP are against this resolution because we object to the Paris Agreement and the climate change alarmism supported by green lobbies. They are the cause of our current damaging and counter-productive energy policy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[412] "\t \t\n\n  Julia Reid, on behalf of the EFDD Group. – Madam President, the small increase in temperature we have seen over the past 100 years is entirely consistent with the natural long—term cyclical changes we have seen for at least 10 000 years and there has been no significant increase in warming since 1995. That the entire text of the motion for a resolution is based on the false assumption that climate change due to AGW is occurring.\n\nWe in UKIP deny the climate change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the Commission, who both are responsible for our current damaging and counter—productive energy policies. To date, hundreds of energy—intensive industries, along with thousands of jobs, have left the EU and moved to the Third World. Despite this, the Commission continues to impose never ending unrealistic objectives for emissions reductions. Sadly such policies, which are forcing investment of vast sums of money will have little or no effect on climate.\n\nOn leaving the EU, Britain will be free to formulate its own energy policy whereby our poorest citizens will not be forced to choose between heating and eating.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[413] " \t \t\n\n  Julia Reid (EFDD), in writing. ‒ We in UKIP are against this recommendation because we oppose the climate change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the Commission. They are the cause of our current damaging and counter-productive energy policy.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[414] "\t \t\n\n  Julia Reid (EFDD). – Madam President, good science is based on observation. One swallow may not a summer make, but the arrival of a Bewick’s swan 25 days earlier than expected at the excellent Slimbridge Wildfowl Trust in my constituency is always seen as a harbinger of a severe winter.\n\nThe fact is that lots of people choose to believe theories which are, at best, not proven. After regular rising temperatures, which may also correlate with sunspots, the rise has stalled. It is not happening. Antarctic ice is growing again. Paris is based on crude modelling. The long-term evidence is of oscillations to patterns lasting thousands of years, and the pursuit of this chimera is costing jobs and investment – but only in the UK and the EU, as the climate change theories export them to China and other developing countries. The developing countries will laugh at us, refuse to sign our agreements and profit at our expense. I prefer to believe the Bewick’s swans. They are leaving Russia early because it is too cold.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[415] " \t \t\n\n  Julia Reid (EFDD), in writing. ‒ UKIP voted against the Pargneaux report: ‘Towards a new international climate agreement in Paris’. The UK represents only 2% of global emissions; the EU only 12%. The European Union has chosen to destroy its economy while the rest of the world is behaving very differently. Whatever we do, global emissions will rise. EU Institutions are planning to spend unimaginable sums of money on mitigation measures which will only further damage our economy. UKIP believes that it is time to question the EU’s hysterical obsession with the new belief of climate alarmism.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[416] "\t \t\n\n  Julia Reid (EFDD). – Madam President, the rapporteur supports the Commission’s proposal to introduce a market stability reserve on the basis that this reform will govern fluctuations in the market, providing long-term predictability and stability to European industries. This is untrue. Mechanisms like the ETS, the back-loading system and now the MSR are one of the main causes of the impoverishment of our industries. The idea that the ETS and its traded CO2 emissions will send a signal to the market, thus promoting energy conservation and new low-carbon technologies, has proved to be a failure.\n\nRecognising the ongoing failure of the ETS, the Commission now proposes to introduce a market stability reserve. However, what many do not realise is that a market mechanism, requiring constant regulatory intervention to maintain the price levels originally foreseen, is in itself a contradiction, as markets are supposed to set their own prices autonomously. We should not support plant closures, carbon leakage, and industry and job losses. We need to reinvigorate the declining EU economy with a new competitive approach.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[417] "\t \t\n\n  Julia Reid (EFDD). - Mr President, successful political activity or campaigns should focus on that sound military adage ‘Never reinforce failure: follow up success.’\n\nTwo facts are clear. First, as we have said before, the climate is refusing to cooperate with forecasts: the figures show that since 1995 global warming has not been happening. This Parliament and national governments should concentrate on the practical measures which, in a period of austerity, are causing events like the Greek revolt. We should not and must not pursue policies and agreements which exacerbate Europe’s downturn and comparative decline. Applying my adage, that fact is clear.\n\nFact two is that we do have one clear success to report: on ozone. There is international agreement that action here seems to be working. The UN tells us that we have the first signs of thickening, that over the next decade there should be a clear win, and that it can only happen if the whole world acts. Hence the need for world action ...\n\n(The President cut off the speaker)\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[418] " \t \t\n\n  Pirkko Ruohonen-Lerner (ECR), kirjallinen. – Väkivalta kaikissa tilanteissa on aina äärimmäisen tuomittavaa. Euroopassa on tapahtunut viime aikoina monia väkivallantekoja viranhaltijoita ja demokraattisesti valittuja poliitikkoja kohtaan. Osa teoista on johtanut valitettavasti uhrin kuolemaan. Tuoreimpina näkyvinä esimerkkeinä ovat saksalaisparlamentaarikon ja Vaihtoehto Saksalle (AfD) -puolueen aluejohtajan pahoinpitely ja Gdanskin pormestarin murha muutama viikko sitten.\n\nPoliittinen väittely on usein kiivasta ja välillä kovasanaistakin. Tämä on normaalia ja kuuluu poliittiseen kielenkäyttöön. Meillä Suomessa usein sanotaan, että asiat tappelevat, ihmiset eivät. ”En ole samaa mieltä mistään mitä sanot, mutta puolustan täysin oikeuttasi ilmaista sanomasi.” Tämä ranskalaisen kirjailijan ja valistusfilosofin Voltairen nimiin usein asetettu lainaus pureutuu sananvapauden ytimeen.\n\nDemokratiassa kaikenlaisille mielipiteille on oltava tilaa ja ne on voitava esittää ilman fyysisen väkivallan uhkaa. Erityisen tärkeää on, että myös vaikeista asioista voidaan puhua ilman, että keskustelua yritetään eri tavoin hiljentää. Esimerkiksi maahanmuutosta aiheutuvia todellisia ongelmia ja niiden erilaisia ratkaisuesityksiä on voitava tuoda esiin ilman, että poliittiset vastustajat leimaavat näitä oikeutettuja ja perusteltuja näkökulmia vihapuheeksi.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[419] " \t \t\n\n  Pirkko Ruohonen-Lerner (ECR), kirjallinen. – Ilmastonmuutoksen aiheuttamat ongelmat eivät ole kaukana tulevaisuudessa vaan sen vaikutukset näkyvät ja tuntuvat jo nyt. Kasvihuonekaasut nousivat viime vuonna ennätyslukemiin, lämpötilat ovat keskimääräistä korkeammalla, arktinen jää sulaa ennätystahtia ja sään ääri-ilmiöt ovat yleistymässä. Maapallo on lämmennyt jo yhden asteen esiteolliseen aikaan verrattuna. Lisälämpeneminen uhkaa ihmisten lisäksi myös monia kasvi- ja eläinlajeja.\n\nHallitustenvälisen ilmastopaneelin IPCC:n lokakuussa julkistama raportti kuvaa, miten valtavan suuri ero 1,5 ja 2,0 asteen lämpenemisessä on. Jotta maapallon lämpeneminen onnistutaan pysäyttämään puoleentoista asteeseen, tarvitaan kunnianhimoisia toimenpiteitä, kuten esimerkiksi panostusta uusiin teknologioihin sekä päästövähennysten tuntuvia kiristyksiä. Nykyisissä päästösitoumuksissa pitäytyminen merkitsisi, että maapallo lämpenee kolmen asteen verran vuosisadan loppuun mennessä, millä olisi katastrofaalisia seurauksia.\n\nToivon, että Katowicen kokouksessa, jossa on tarkoitus päättää Pariisin ilmastosopimuksen käytännön toteuttamisesta, kaikki osapuolet ymmärtävät tilanteen vakavuuden. Tiedemaailma on puhunut ja nyt on tekojen aika. Ilmastonmuutos on sen kokoluokan haaste, jossa tarvitaan kaikkien maiden ja kansalaisten yhteistyötä ja yhteen hiileen puhaltamista.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[420] " \t \t\n\n  Matteo Salvini (ENF), per iscritto. ‒ Ho votato contro in quanto ritengo le politiche UE in ambito ambientale e climatico del tutto fallimentari, anche in considerazione di un approccio eccessivamente unilaterale che porta a imporre alle industrie europee, in nome della tutela dell'ambiente, costi e vincoli eccessivi, mentre l'invito rivolto ai paesi terzi affinché si adeguino ai medesimi parametri di rispetto dell'ambiente rischia fortemente, ancora una volta, di rimanere lettera morta.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[421] " \t \t\n\n  Matteo Salvini (NI), per iscritto. – Ho deciso di votare contro poiché ho sempre espresso una posizione fortemente critica verso la politica climatica, di cui questo provvedimento è parte. Nella fattispecie, temo che il tutto si traduca, nonostante le rassicurazioni, in un inutile aggravio burocratico.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[422] " \t \t\n\n  Matteo Salvini (NI), per iscritto. - Ho deciso di votare in maniera contraria in quanto si tratta della solita risoluzione annuale sulla Conferenza della Parti (COP) dell’UNFCCC in cui si discute di una politica climatica unilaterale suicida. Fosse per l’”ambizione” del Parlamento Europeo, il processo in atto di delocalizzazione sarebbe ancora più rapido.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[423] " \t \t\n\n  Jill Seymour (EFDD), in writing. ‒ I voted against this report because I do not recognise the EU’s competence in this area.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[424] " \t \t\n\n  Jill Seymour (EFDD), in writing. ‒ This vote requires the UK to uphold EU dictated targets which are not being matched globally. The UK as a nation state should set its own emission measures and not be dictated to by the EU.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[425] "\t \t\n\n  Olaf Stuger, namens de ENF-Fractie. – Voorzitter, er is economische groei in Europa. Het bruto nationaal product stijgt in bijna elke Europese lidstaat. Maar wat merkt de gewone burger daar nu van in zijn eigen portemonnee? Vrijwel niets. Vrijwel niets, Voorzitter, en dit is ook een van de redenen waarom de gelehesjesbeweging zo'n vlucht neemt.\n\nMaar waar blijft dat geld dan wél? Ik zal het u vertellen. We hebben het vandaag over klimaat. Daar zit een hele grote bak met geld achter, subsidiepotten. Subsidiepotten vol met belastinggeld dat beschikbaar is voor grote projecten. En wie profiteren nu van die projecten? In mijn beleving nog niet eens het milieu. Het zijn de bankiers en grote multinationals, want die weten uitstekend hoe ze die subsidiepotten zo vakkundig en snel mogelijk moeten legen. In Nederland, Voorzitter, betaalt volgend jaar een gemiddeld Nederlands gezin 300 euro extra aan zijn energierekening. Dat toont maar weer eens aan dat deze EU niet is opgebouwd voor Europese burgers. Nee, deze EU is opgebouwd voor grote bedrijven en voor bankiers. Voorzitter, deze EU is het tegenovergestelde van Robin Hood. Ze steelt van de armen en deelt uit aan de rijken.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[426] "\t \t\n\n  Olaf Stuger, namens de ENF-Fractie. – Voorzitter, alle respect natuurlijk voor de collega's hier in de zaal die maatregelen treffen tegen de vermeende klimaatverandering. Dat is hun goed recht.\n\nEr vallen mij wel twee dingen op. Die maatregelen kosten heel veel geld. Miljarden en miljarden euro's. En wie moet dat betalen? Dat is de belastingbetaler, dat zijn de Europese belastingbetalers. Vaak niet de mensen hier in deze zaal, want in grote meerderheid betalen die in hun eigen land niet eens belasting.\n\nHet tweede punt, Voorzitter, is dat opgeheven vingertje, dat opgeheven vingertje naar de Europese burgers: \"U mag niet meer vliegen want dat is heel slecht voor het milieu\". Voorzitter, dit Parlement is kampioen vliegreizen maken. Er is geen parlement in de hele wereld waar zoveel leden zoveel vliegreizen maken. Daarom is mijn conclusie een hele eenvoudige: er is maar één woord voor en dat is hypocrisie.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[427] "\t \t\n\n  Olaf Stuger (ENF). – Prachtig betoog van mijn voorganger. Ik wil deze debatten altijd beginnen door te zeggen dat het nog maar helemaal de vraag is of de mens iets met die klimaatverandering te maken heeft. De wetenschappers zijn het hier in ieder geval niet over eens. Wat mij erg stoort, is dat er in het maatschappelijk debat heel weinig ruimte is om daar überhaupt over te discussiëren.\n\nEr is een Nederlandse documentairemaker, Marijn Poels, die een documentaire heeft gemaakt waarin heel duidelijk wordt dat je, op het moment dat je er maar een klein beetje negatief over bent of je afvraagt of de mens er iets mee te maken heeft, nul op het rekest krijgt en meteen wordt weggezet als een paria.\n\nOf de mens er nou invloed op heeft of niet, Al Gore vindt wel dat de mens invloed heeft op het klimaat. Dat weerhoudt hem er niet van om het hele jaar door met een privévliegtuig de hele wereld over te vliegen. En waar hij ook veel invloed op heeft, is zijn eigen financiële klimaat. Ik heb het even nagekeken: als je Al Gore wil boeken, bijvoorbeeld als spreker voor een dagdeel, dan ben je 200 000 euro kwijt. Ja, ik zeg 200 000. Dan moet je tien kamers boeken in een vijfsterrenhotel voor z'n gevolg. En dan moet je natuurlijk ook nog die privévlucht betalen. Dus, Voorzitter, dat weet ik wel zeker.\n\nWat ik ook zeker weet, is dat de energierekening van Nederlandse gezinnen de afgelopen vier jaar met 200 euro is gestegen. Dus die is weer ouderwets, spreekwoordelijk, de sjaak, Voorzitter. En dat is regelrechte diefstal.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[428] "\t \t\n\n  Olaf Stuger (ENF). – Binnenkort vliegen er weer duizenden mensen businessclass richting Parijs om onder het genot van een glas champagne te praten over het klimaat. Ook mijnheer Eickhout zal er natuurlijk weer bij zijn. Aan het eind zullen we moeten constateren dat dit weer een fiasco wordt, net zoals in Kopenhagen. Dat is niet zo moeilijk te voorspellen want alles waar de EU zich mee bezighoudt, wordt een fiasco. Of we het nu hebben over de Griekse crisis of over de vluchtelingencrisis, het wordt een fiasco. Maar – en dat is goed nieuws voor mijnheer Eickhout – er is ook iets wat de EU wel goed kan, namelijk het verbranden van belastingeuro's in een enorm tempo. Daarom vraag ik u: stop met deze zinloze missie. Stop met deze klimaattop en geef het geld terug aan de rechtmatige eigenaar: de mensen die belasting betalen.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[429] "\t \t\n\n  Olaf Stuger (ENF). – De EU is een pechmagneet. Ze trekt mislukking aan, of het nou gaat om de Griekse kwestie of om het immigrantenprobleem, en in dit geval ETS. Het heeft nooit gewerkt, het werkt nu niet en het gaat ook nooit werken.\n\nDe lachende derden zijn de luchtvaartmaatschappijen uit China en het Midden-Oosten. Die lachen zich suf. Die hoeven niet eens te concurreren. Dat doet hun beste vriendje, de EU, wel. Want die maakt vliegtuigtickets zo duur dat de passagiers vanzelf naar deze maatschappijen overstappen.\n\nDe Turken bouwen, schuddebuikend van het lachen, van al het geld dat ze van de EU krijgen, het grootste vliegveld van de wereld, alleen al om Amsterdam-Schiphol van de kaart vegen.\n\nDe schadelijkste CO2 komt uit de monden van de veelpraters in de Brusselse commissies. Als er al een CO2-heffing moet plaatsvinden, dan moet die gebeuren op de gevaarlijke praatjes van deze bureaucraten.\n\n(De spreker stemt ermee in een \"blauwe kaart\"-vraag te beantwoorden (artikel 162, lid 8, van het Reglement))\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[430] "\t \t\n\n  Olaf Stuger (ENF), \"blauwe kaart\"-antwoord. – Het enige wat ik hier zeg is dat alles wat hier verzonnen wordt, maar één effect heeft en dat is destabilisatie. Dat ziet u in de samenwerking binnen de EU. Dat ziet u aan de migranten. Dat ziet u aan de Griekse kwestie. Alles waar de EU zich hier mee bezighoudt, destabiliseert en is een mislukking. Dat zal alleen maar erger worden. Daar moet dit Huis zich een keertje van bewust zijn.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[431] "\t \t\n\n  Olaf Stuger (NI). - Volgende week gaan er weer 15.000 ambtenaren, politici en milieuliefhebbers naar Lima. Businessclass vliegend en tienduizenden tonnen CO2 achterlatend. En waarom? Om een concepttekst in elkaar te zetten. Voorzitter, dat kan ook per email. En dan kost het in ieder geval geen 60 miljoen van de belastingbetaler.\n\nWant er is goed nieuws te melden! Wij kunnen melden dat de Noordpool aangroeide. Nu is NASA vorige maand gekomen met het feit dat de Zuidpool de afgelopen veertig jaar 17000 km2 per jaar is gegroeid. Het gekke met goed nieuws is - als mijn kinderen goed nieuws brengen van school, goede cijfers, dan ben ik blij, dan zijn de leerkrachten blij en zijn mijn kinderen blij! Als er goed nieuws is over de economie, dan zijn de economen blij, de producenten en de consumenten. Maar als er goed nieuws is over het milieu, dan hoor ik de milieuliefhebbers niet. Het lijkt wel of zij alleen maar gebaat zijn bij slecht nieuws, want slecht nieuws brengt geld op.\n\nDe top in Lima vindt plaats onder het slechtste gesternte wat je je kunt voorstellen. Obama kan niets meer met de Republikeinse meerderheid, China en Rusland, daar weten wij voldoende van, de EU is verdeeld en heeft zelfs de klimaatwetenschapper Glover aan de kant gezet omdat zij niet mee wilde gaan in de klimaathysterie.\n\nIn Lima zal de enige wijziging van de temperatuur plaatsvinden door de verhitte taferelen in de plaatselijke bordelen en het chambreren van duizenden flessen luxe wijn, die direct weggeklokt worden door de mensen die het zo met ons milieu op hebben. Ik roep op tot het boycotten van deze klimaattop; het geld dat hieraan wordt uitgegeven dient direct te worden teruggestort aan de landen waar het vandaan komt.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[432] "\t \t\n\n  Olaf Stuger (NI). - De EU geeft elk jaar tientallen miljarden uit om de vermeende klimaatverandering tegen te gaan. Elke Europese burger mag dus weer flink in de buidel tasten zonder dat er wetenschappelijke onderbouwing is voor de noodzaak hiervan. Dit geld kan beter door de onafhankelijke lidstaten zelf besteed worden aan echt belangrijke zaken, zoals onderzoek naar ALS, kanker, de gezondheidszorg, onderwijs of de zorg voor onze ouderen. Dat zijn doelen waar echte resultaten aan verbonden zijn.\n\nNa jarenlang intensief onderzoek naar klimaatverandering is nog steeds onduidelijk of onze aarde nu opwarmt of juist afkoelt. Het IPCC heeft door zijn gegoochel met cijfers en aantoonbare wetenschappelijke fouten voeding gegeven aan de stelling dat wij eigenlijk helemaal niet weten hoe het klimaat zich zal ontwikkelen. Onverwacht blijkt nu bijvoorbeeld dat in 2 jaar tijd 1,8 miljoen km2 noordpoolijs is aangegroeid. Maar ook al zou de aarde opwarmen, dan is het nog maar de vraag of de mens daar enige invloed op heeft. Van de honderd wetenschappers zijn er vijftig die beweren dat de mens daar zeer de hand in heeft en de andere vijftig ontkennen dat ten stelligste.\n\nEr is zoveel onduidelijk in deze klimaatdiscussie, dat ik op zoek ben gegaan naar één feit dat als een paal boven water staat en dat ben ik tegengekomen. Het enige dat onbetwist is, is dat elke dag duizenden mensen heel veel geld verdienen aan deze hype. En dat deze mensen dus alle belang hebben bij het in stand houden van deze hype, deze heel ongemakkelijk wordende grote leugen.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[433] "\t \t\n\n  Ελευθέριος Συναδινός (NI). – Κύριε Πρόεδρε, η ελευθερία του λόγου είναι επιβεβλημένη. Το μονοπώλιο στην άσκηση βίας, θεσμικά, το κατέχει αποκλειστικά η πολιτεία. Ως εντολοδόχοι οι κυβερνώντες οφείλουν να αντιληφθούν ότι τα λόγια και οι πράξεις τους μπορεί να οδηγήσουν τους πολίτες σε ακραίες εκδηλώσεις, όταν προκαλούν το δημόσιο αίσθημα. Η εξουσία δεν ασκείται δίχως όρια ή έλεγχο. Όσοι καλλιεργούν κλίμα μίσους, βίας και διχόνοιας μεταξύ των πολιτών μοιραία θα δεχθούν αντίστοιχη συμπεριφορά ως ίσα μέλη της κοινωνίας. Όπως τώρα στην Ελλάδα, όπου μια προδοτική μειοδοτική κυβέρνηση απαγορεύει τη χρήση του όρου «Μακεδονία». Η Ιστορία παραχαράσσεται. Δημοτικά τραγούδια και ύμνοι λογοκρίνονται. Εκδηλώσεις απαγορεύονται. Παιδαγωγοί διώκονται. Το δικαίωμα της ελευθερίας του λόγου και ο επί αιώνες προσδιορισμός μας ως Ελλήνων Μακεδόνων καταστέλλονται βιαίως. Ό,τι σπέρνουν θερίζουν και θα ιδούν στο μέλλον χειρότερα. Οι απλοί Έλληνες πατριώτες, που ο Τσίπρας διασύρει σε ξένους ηγέτες ως λαϊκιστές και φασίστες, δεν πρόκειται να συμβιβαστούν με την αντισυνταγματική, αντιδημοκρατική και παράνομη Συμφωνία των Πρεσπών. Επομένως μην περιμένετε έστω και ένας Έλληνας να τρέφει συμπάθεια σε πολιτικούς προδότες. Τώρα δρέπουν την αντίδραση των πολιτών. Η Μακεδονία είναι γη Ελλήνων και είναι ελληνική.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[434] "\t \t\n\n  Ελευθέριος Συναδινός (NI). – Κύριε Πρόεδρε, η ενίσχυση της παγκόσμιας αντίδρασης στην απειλή της αλλαγής του κλίματος, στο πλαίσιο της βιώσιμης ανάπτυξης και των προσπαθειών για την εξάλειψη της φτώχειας, χρειάζεται, μεταξύ άλλων, αύξηση της ικανότητας προσαρμογής στις δυσμενείς επιπτώσεις της κλιματικής αλλαγής. Για την επίτευξη αρνητικών επιπέδων εκπομπών, πρέπει να είναι άρτια τα συστήματα λογιστικής για τη χρήση γης, την αλλαγή χρήσης γης και τη δασοκομία. Δεδομένου ότι οι απορροφήσεις μέσω του τομέα αυτού είναι αναστρέψιμες, θα πρέπει να θεωρείται χωριστός πυλώνας στο πλαίσιο της Ένωσης και των εθνικών πολιτικών για το κλίμα. Επιπλέον, η ορθή διαχείριση των δασών πρέπει να συνοδεύεται από τη δέσμευση για ανάσχεση και αντιστροφή της αποψίλωσης των δασών και την προώθηση της αναδάσωσης. Το περιβάλλον είναι το κυριότερο πεδίο πολιτικής συναίνεσης, συνδέεται δε άμεσα με τη βιωσιμότητα του πλανήτη μας και τη συνέχεια του ανθρωπίνου είδους.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[435] "\t \t\n\n  Ελευθέριος Συναδινός (NI). – Κύριε Πρόεδρε, οι προσπάθειες καταπολέμησης της υπερθέρμανσης του πλανήτη και των ανθρώπινων παρεμβάσεων που την προκαλούν δεν έχουν τα επιθυμητά αποτελέσματα. Πολλές χώρες έχουν παραμείνει σε απλές δεσμεύσεις, που δεν συνοδεύονται από πρακτικές εφαρμογές, ενώ κάποιες άλλες δεν συμμετέχουν στη Συμφωνία των Παρισίων λόγω οικονομικών και πολιτικών συμφερόντων. Οι συνέπειες όμως της υπερθέρμανσης του πλανήτη στο κλίμα, τους ωκεανούς, την υγεία και τη γεωργία είναι αδιαμφισβήτητες και τείνουν να γίνουν μη αναστρέψιμες. Είτε μιλάμε για υπερθέρμανση είτε για υπερψύξη του πλανήτη, γεγονός είναι ότι η γη έχει φτάσει σε οριακό επίπεδο απορρόφησης των επικίνδυνων ρυπογόνων ουσιών, αερίων, υγρών και στερεών. Το δεδομένο αυτό χρησιμοποιείται βέβαια ως πεδίο αντιπαράθεσης επιστημόνων και πολιτικών, ειδικά πρώην κομμουνιστών του υπαρκτού σοσιαλισμού που ενδύθηκαν τον μανδύα των οικολόγων πράσινων, και θεωρώ ότι η προστασία του περιβάλλοντος είναι σοβαρή υπόθεση για να την εμπιστευθούμε είτε σε αυτούς είτε στο Ευρωπαϊκό Κοινοβούλιο.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[436] "\t \t\n\n  Ελευθέριος Συναδινός (NI). – Κυρία Πρόεδρε, ανεξαρτήτως των κινήτρων και των δικών μας απόψεων, ο Πρόεδρος Trump, στον βαθμό της αρμοδιότητος που του αναλογεί, έχει το έννομο δικαίωμα να αποσύρει τις ΗΠΑ από τη συμφωνία του Παρισιού. Η ηθική διάσταση της απόφασης αυτής παραμένει, βέβαια, αμφίβολη. Βέβαια, έχει ήδη συντελεστεί η μεταστροφή σε επιλογές πιο φιλικές προς το περιβάλλον. Χρειάζονται όμως περαιτέρω δράσεις και κανονιστικές ρυθμίσεις. Οι αλλαγές που προβλέπονται στη συμφωνία θέτουν τόσο προκλήσεις όσο και ευκαιρίες, οι οποίες όμως δεν κατανέμονται αναλογικά μεταξύ των κρατών. Το ίδιο ισχύει και για τα αποτελέσματα της κλιματικής αλλαγής. Η λήψη νομικά δεσμευτικών δράσεων έναντι των στόχων είναι απαραίτητη, παράλληλα με την ενίσχυση της καινοτομίας. Κανόνας που πρέπει να λαμβάνεται αμελλητί είναι «όποιος ρυπαίνει τιμωρείται». Ειδάλλως, οι συνέπειες της αδράνειας θα είναι ευρύτερες του κόστους οποιασδήποτε προσαρμογής. Το ζητούμενο είναι η επιβίωση της ανθρωπότητος. Όμως, παρά την επείγουσα διάσταση του ζητήματος, δεν θα γίνει αποδεκτό το όποιο ιδιοτελές συμφέρον, που επιβάλλει συμφέροντα ή υπονομεύει κάποιο κράτος, υπό το κάλυμμα ρυθμιστικών πλαισίων.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[437] "\t \t\n\n  Ελευθέριος Συναδινός (NI). – Κύριε Πρόεδρε, η υπερθέρμανση του πλανήτη, η εξάντληση των φυσικών πόρων και η διαχείριση των αποβλήτων είναι προβλήματα που απαιτούν τη διεθνή συνεργασία, την ευαισθητοποίηση και την εφαρμογή καινοτόμων τεχνολογιών χωρίς επίπλαστα διλήμματα και μακριά από ιδιοτελή ιδιωτικά ή εθνικά συμφέροντα. Δυστυχώς, παρότι χρειάστηκαν περίπου 25 χρόνια από τη Συνάντηση Κορυφής για την προστασία της γης το 1992 στο Ρίο ντε Τζανέιρο και την επικύρωση του Πρωτοκόλλου του Κιότο, η συμφωνία του Παρισιού στερείται νομικής δέσμευσης, και αυτό αποδεικνύεται από την επικείμενη απόσυρση των Ηνωμένων Πολιτειών της Αμερικής. Η προστασία του περιβάλλοντος αφορά στον άνθρωπο και την επιβίωσή του και δεν πρέπει να αποτελεί πεδίο εφαρμογής μικροπολιτικής ή προσπάθεια επιβολής συμφερόντων μεταξύ κρατών. Ως εθνικιστής, πιστεύω ότι είναι δυνατή η συνύπαρξη ενεργειακής απόδοσης και ασφάλειας με την προστασία και χρηστή διαχείριση της βιοποικιλότητας και ταυτόχρονη μείωση των λογαριασμών των καταναλωτών, μέσω αυστηρής τήρησης των υποχρεώσεων που απορρέουν από την εθνική περιβαλλοντική νομοθεσία.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[438] " \t \t\n\n  Ελευθέριος Συναδινός (NI), γραπτώς. ‒ Το περιβάλλον πρέπει να προστατεύεται από τις ανθρώπινες ρυπογόνες και επιβλαβείς παρεμβάσεις.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[439] " \t \t\n\n  Ελευθέριος Συναδινός (NI), γραπτώς. ‒ Θεωρούμε πως δεν αρκεί η Συμφωνία του Παρισιού για την αντιμετώπιση της υπερθέρμανσης του πλανήτη αλλά είναι εντούτοις ένα μικρό βήμα προς την σωστή κατεύθυνση.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[440] " \t \t\n\n  Ελευθέριος Συναδινός ( NI), γραπτώς. ‒ Το κείμενο περιέχει πολλά θετικά στοιχεία αλλά επικροτεί το σύστημα εμπορίας εκπομπών άνθρακα στο οποίο και είμαστε αντίθετοι.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[441] " \t \t\n\n  Ελευθέριος Συναδινός ( NI), γραπτώς. ‒ Η έκθεση είναι ελλιπής σε ότι αφορά στη θέσπιση και στη λειτουργία αποθεματικού για τη σταθερότητα της αγοράς του συστήματος εμπορίας δικαιωμάτων εκπομπής αερίων θερμοκηπίου. Δεν δημιουργεί ένα συγκροτημένο και συμπαγές πλέγμα προστασίας του περιβάλλοντος από τη συγκεκριμένη δραστηριότητα.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[442] " \t \t\n\n  Ελευθέριος Συναδινός ( NI), γραπτώς. ‒ Οποιαδήποτε προσπάθεια περιορισμού της εκπομπής διοξειδίου του άνθρακα είναι αρεστή. Ωστόσο, υπάρχουν ακόμη πολλά βήματα που πρέπει να γίνουν μέχρι να επιτευχθούν τα επιθυμητά αποτελέσματα.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[443] " \t \t\n\n  Ελευθέριος Συναδινός (NI), γραπτώς. — Γίνεται λόγος για να δοθούν χρήματα σε τρίτες χώρες για ανάπτυξη, για να δοθούν \"κίνητρα\" στις ενεργοβόρες μεγάλες βιομηχανίες για να μειώσουν τους ρύπους τους και, συνολικά, για να δοθούν ως το 2020 100 δις δολάρια στο Πράσινο Ταμείο για το Κλίμα.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[444] "\t \t\n\n  Ruža Tomašić (ECR). – Gospođo predsjednice, puno je zaključaka i preporuka u ovome Izvješću koje bih mogla osporavati jer smatram da je riječ o vrlo ideologiziranom pogledu na važne globalne izazove. No, istaknula bih preporuku da se posebnu pozornost posveti ženama i djevojčicama migranticama koje su bile izložene nasilju tijekom putovanja do Europe. Naravno da je to nešto što bismo trebali učiniti, ali bojim se da se radi tek o umirivanju vlastite savjesti.\n\nPostoji, dakle, svijest da je veliki broj migrantica izvrgnut raznim oblicima nasilja i to se, kao što vidimo, uzima zdravo za gotovo, kao da nema alternative ilegalnoj migraciji i organiziranom kriminalu koji od nje profitira. Nitko ne postavlja pitanje kolika je naša krivica u tome što te žene stradavaju u rukama krijumčara, a mnoge od njih u Europi završe u lancu prostitucije.\n\nNevjerojatno je da dobar dio kolega još uvijek ne razumije da je naša suluda migracijska politika i politika azila glavni razlog zašto te žene uopće kreću na put na taj način i zašto svoju sudbinu stavljaju u ruke kriminalaca koji im često uništavaju živote.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[445] " \t \t\n\n  Ruža Tomašić (ECR), napisan. ‒ Rezolucija Europskog parlamenta o Konferenciji Ujedinjenih naroda o klimatskim promjenama koja će se održati u Marakešu u studenom 2016. godine podržava Međunarodni sporazum o klimi u Parizu te predlaže ambicioznije ciljeve u borbi protiv klimatskih promjena.\n\nMoj stav je da se radi zaštite ljudi, životnih uvjeta i ekosustava moramo suočiti s globalnim izazovom koji nam predstavljaju klimatske promjene te ojačati otpornost i smanjiti osjetljivost na klimatske promjene.\n\nNo, smatram da države članice, a i ostale zemlje sudionice, ne mogu ostvariti predložene povećane ciljeve te držim da bi povećanje financijskih sredstava za borbu protiv klimatskih promjena uzrokovalo samo dodatno opterećenje državama članicama bez ikakvog dugoročnog napretka na lokalnoj, nacionalnoj, regionalnoj i međunarodnoj razini.\n\nStoga nisam podržala ovu rezoluciju.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[446] " \t \t\n\n  Ruža Tomašić (ECR), napisan. ‒ Podržala sam zaključke Sporazuma u Parizu donesene na temelju Okvirne konvencije Ujedinjenih naroda o promjeni klime (UNFCCC), jer smatram da će se na taj način istaknuti vodstvo Europske unije i država članica te nastaviti rješavanje klimatskih promjena na međunarodnoj razini.\n\nNaime, vjerujem da će provedba Sporazuma u Parizu dati ključni doprinos globalnim naporima u borbi protiv klimatskih promjena i zadržati porast prosječne svjetske temperature na znatno manjoj razini od 2°C u usporedbi s predindustrijskim razinama.\n\nBudući da će se provedbom ove Konvencije ostvariti cilj prilagodbe ekološkog sustava na klimatske promjene, omogućit će se nastavak ekonomskog razvoja na održiv način te se neće ugroziti proizvodnja hrane, smatram da Europski parlament treba odobriti ovo izvješće bez odlaganja.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[447] " \t \t\n\n  Ruža Tomašić (ECR), napisan. ‒ Iako izvorni nacrt izvješća o putu prema novom međunarodnom sporazumu o klimi u Parizu pokriva mnoga ključna pitanja kao što su doprinos Europske unije smanjenju emisija, potreba za fleksibilnim i odgovornim mehanizmom provjere te važnost postupnog povećanja financiranja Zelenog klimatskog fonda; smatram da su u ovome izvješću iskorištene sveobuhvatne teme za umetanje neprihvatljivih prijedloga.\n\nNaime, smatram da predloženi ambiciozniji ciljevi za 2030. nisu realni te da će, kao i poziv za korištenje javnih sredstava za Zeleni klimatski fond, samo uzrokovati povećano opterećenje država članica.\n\nKao što sam već napomenula, smatram da su mnoge teme otvorene ovim izvješćem izrazito važne za okoliš, no smatram da su postavljeni ciljevi preambiciozni te stoga ne mogu dovesti do poboljšanja na tom području. Stoga sam glasovala suzdržano.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[448] " \t \t\n\n  Ruža Tomašić (ECR), napisan. ‒ S obzirom da se protivim manipuliranju cijenama trgovanja emisijama iz razloga što smatram da je tržište to koje bi trebalo odrediti cijenu, ne mogu podržati ovo izvješće.\n\nTakođer, nepravednim smatram i nepoštivanje dogovora iz prošlog parlamentarnog mandata po kojemu se 900 milijuna trgovanja emisijskim jedinicama trebalo povući s tržišta te na njega vratiti 2019-2020 i sadašnju odluku da će iste umjesto toga otići u rezervu, što je iznimno neprincipijelno.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[449] " \t \t\n\n  Ruža Tomašić (ECR), napisan. - Ovu konferenciju držim iznimno značajnom budući da pruža mogućnost za razvoj tehničkih elemenata za pregovore i izgradnju političke platforme za konferenciju koja će se u prosincu održati u Parizu gdje će se usvojiti novi globalni okvir za klimatske promjene(tzv. Sporazum 2015.).\n\nSmatram da je Unija u ovom trenutku u odličnoj poziciji da utječe na navedeni proces budući da je Vijeće prošli mjesec donijelo odluku o smanjenju emisije plinova u Europskoj uniji za najmanje 40% (u usporedbi nivoa iz 1990. i 2030.).\n\nPodržala sam ovu rezoluciju iz razloga što sam uvjerena da je konferencija odlična prilika da Unija istupi pred globalnu javnost s jednim pozitivnim i ambicioznim ekološkim planom, kako za teritorij Europske unije, tako i za sve ostale sudionike konferencije.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[450] " \t \t\n\n  Mylène Troszczynski (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Cette résolution s’inscrit dans le cadre de la COP 22 qui se déroulera à Marrakech en novembre 2016. Le Parlement européen y envoie une délégation officielle, qui fait figuration et ne participe pas aux négociations. Barbara Kappel y représentera le groupe ENL. Cette résolution doit formuler les vœux transmis aux négociateurs de la Commission.\n\nSans surprise, la résolution est enthousiaste et demande la ratification urgente des accords de Paris. Elle invite l’Union à toujours plus d’efforts: plus de budget pour les fonds verts, plus de contraintes pour les entreprises (mais en soutenant le développement économique du bout des lèvres), plus d’économie circulaire, et invite les pays de l'UE à accueillir plus de migrants \"climatiques\".\n\nJ'ai voté contre cette résolution.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[451] " \t \t\n\n  Mylène Troszczynski (ENF), par écrit. ‒ Le rapport Pargneaux souhaiterait un objectif universel et contraignant. Malheureusement ces efforts pèsent toujours de façon disproportionnée sur ceux qui ont le plus le sens des responsabilités, les Européens, au nom d'une bonne cause. L'Union devrait donc être \"exemplaire\".\n\nCes efforts ont un résultat désastreux et contribuent à désindustrialiser l'Europe pour encore plus d'importation et de mondialisation, faisant fi de la pollution engendrée par les cargos sillonnant les mers. Les propositions sont contre-productives.\n\nLes plus gros pollueurs, dont les États-Unis font partie, sont loin derrière l'UE. Ayant perçu que le \"climat\" est une arme de désindustrialisation massive des Européens, dans le jeu géopolitique des puissances, les Américains tiennent des discours d'encouragement.\n\nLa seule ligne acceptable et réaliste pour réellement prendre soin de notre planète serait un accord véritablement mondial demandant la fin de la course au libre-échange et engageant un processus de relocalisation des productions, respectueux des souverainetés.\n\nIl est évident que ceci ne sera jamais proposé par les organisateurs.\n\nJe m'oppose donc à ce texte hypocrite.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[452] " \t \t\n\n  Mylène Troszczynski (ENF), par écrit. ‒ La création d'une réserve de stabilité a été motivée par la chute des prix sur le marché des quotas d'émissions de gaz à effet de serre, droits à polluer promus par le protocole de Kyoto (1997), provoquant l'inverse de l'effet escompté à savoir une régulation à la baisse des émissions de dioxyde de carbone. Les prévisions et les modélisations a priori d'évolution des prix du carbone dans les secteurs éligibles ont donc été contrariées par la réalité. La réserve de stabilité de marché apparaît alors comme un palliatif qui ne transforme pas fondamentalement ce système.\n\nIl s'avère par ailleurs que les grandes entreprises des secteurs les plus polluants tirent leur épingle du jeu en ayant l'assise financière suffisante au rachat de droits d'émission. L'allocation des quotas joue ainsi en défaveur des industries de taille intermédiaire.\n\nCompte-tenu du caractère insatisfaisant du système ETS qui reproduit les défaillances du marché, poursuit les objectifs de financiarisation des secteurs de l'économie et de l'environnement et contribue à rendre les industries des États membres moins compétitives, j'ai voté contre ce texte.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[453] " \t \t\n\n  Mylène Troszczynski (NI), par écrit. ‒ Je m'oppose à la volonté d'imposer pour le secteur maritime cet accord dans le but de réduire les émissions de dioxyde de carbone car il ne respecte pas les souverainetés nationales. La conséquence de cette décision sera de soumettre un peu plus les Etats membres. Nous retrouvons comme toujours la volonté de l'Union européenne de s'imposer comme autorité internationale par le biais de normes supranationales.\n\nDe plus, l'objectif de réduction de dioxyde de carbone avec ses mesures de contrôle est en contradiction avec le système commercial défendu par l'Union européenne. Ce commerce qui repose sur le libre-échange sans aucune restriction est incompatible avec une volonté de baisser les émissions puisque par définition ce genre de commerce est \"pollueur\". La Commission ne s'attaque pas au vrai problème. Aucun résultat positif n'est à attendre. Je vote CONTRE.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[454] "\t \t\n\n  Harald Vilimsky, im Namen der ENF-Fraktion. – Frau Präsidentin, meine sehr verehrten Damen und Herren! Man glaubt gar nicht, wie viele edle Retter des Weltklimas hier vorhanden sind, wenn man durch die Garage des Hauses geht und die vielen sechszylindrigen und achtzylindrigen Fahrzeuge sieht mit einem entsprechend hohen Ausstoßvolumen. Man glaubt es auch nicht, wenn man sich das Besuchsprogramm des Hauses, des Europäischen Parlaments ansieht, wo Mandatare in die entlegensten Winkel der Welt fliegen, um über wichtige Themen wie Gender Mainstreaming und anderes zu diskutieren. Es ist aber alles recht und alles gut, wenn es um USA-Bashing geht, wenn es um Trump-Bashing geht; da sind der Scheinheiligkeit keine Grenzen gesetzt.\n\nSchauen wir uns dieses Klimaabkommen, das Sie so hochjubeln, einmal im Detail an. Monsanto ist am Verhandlungstisch gesessen, die Nuklearlobby ist am Verhandlungstisch gesessen. In Wahrheit ist es ein Kniefall vor der Atomlobby. Und das wahre Ziel, nämlich erneuerbare Energien zu fördern, das wurde verabsäumt. Und daher kann ich nur an Sie appellieren: Seien Sie ehrlich in der Frage des Klimaschutzes, des Naturschutzes, und beenden Sie Ihre Scheinheiligkeit!\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[455] " \t \t\n\n  Harald Vilimsky (ENF), schriftlich. ‒ Im Entschließungsantrag wird das bereits von mir aus mehreren schwerwiegenden Gründen abgelehnte Klimaschutzabkommen von Paris (COP 21) als „Meilenstein bei der Bekämpfung des Klimawandels“ begrüßt. Es wird zudem gefordert, dass das Pariser Übereinkommen schnell in Kraft treten möge. Daher habe ich diesen Antrag abgelehnt.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[456] " \t \t\n\n  Harald Vilimsky (ENF), schriftlich. ‒ Das Übereinkommen von Paris (COP 21) zum Schutze des Klimas stellt keinen Schritt in die richtige Richtung dar und ist mit unserer Politik aus mehreren Gründen unvereinbar. So wird beispielsweise im Rahmen dieses Abkommens die Atomenergie aufgrund ihrer geringen CO2-Emissionen als probates Mittel zur Erreichung von Emissions-Reduktionszielen angesehen, während multinationale Großkonzerne wie Monsanto im Rahmen der Verhandlungen mit dem Vorschlag von genmanipuliertem Saatgut als klimaverträgliche Alternative zu konventionellem Anbau aufwarteten. Außerdem zeigte eine Studie des Corporate Europe Observatory (CEO), dass dieselben globalen big players am COP—21-Verhandlungstisch saßen, die auch die TTIP und das CETA unterstützen. Klimaschutz darf nicht auf Kosten der Umwelt oder unserer Gesundheit erfolgen, deshalb habe ich diesem Bericht nicht zugestimmt.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[457] " \t \t\n\n  Harald Vilimsky (ENF), schriftlich.– Wenn wir schon über Klimaschutz reden und für diesen verbindliche Regeln einführen wollen, dann sollten sich auch alle Parteien daran halten. Die Realität sieht aber so aus, dass China und vor allem die USA diesen Verpflichtungen nicht nachkommen, die EU sich hingegen verpflichtet fühlt, den Abschluss eines adaptierten rechtsverbindlichen Protokolls einseitig einzuhalten. Dieses Festhalten der EU führt zu einer Wettbewerbsverzerrung und zu einem eindeutigen Vorteil der Hauptverantwortlichen, nämlich China und den USA. Aus diesem Grund kann ich diesem Bericht nicht zustimmen.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[458] " \t \t\n\n  Harald Vilimsky (ENF), schriftlich. ‒ Der Abschluss eines adaptierten rechtsverbindlichen Protokolls, welches tatsächlich von jeder Vertragspartei eingehalten wird, wäre prinzipiell wünschenswert. Leider werden sich die eigentlichen Verantwortlichen (USA, China) weiterhin nicht daran halten. Das einseitige Festhalten der EU an dieser Verpflichtung führt zu einem ungemeinen Wettbewerbsvorteil der USA und China. Im Sinne der Erhaltung der Wettbewerbsfähigkeit der Union kann ich diesem Bericht nicht zustimmen.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[459] " \t \t\n\n  Harald Vilimsky (ENF), schriftlich. ‒ Ich habe gegen den Vorschlag der Marktstabilitätsreserve gestimmt, da ich der Meinung bin, dass es keinen Sinn hat, den Vorschlag der Kommission zu verwerfen. Außerdem wird keine zufriedenstellende Lösung für die bisher zurückgestellten Zertifikate geboten, und das angebotene System des Zertifikathandels erscheint zu undurchsichtig.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[460] " \t \t\n\n  Harald Vilimsky (NI), schriftlich. ‒ Ich begrüße den Standpunkt des Rates für die Überwachung von CO2-Emissionen im Seeverkehr.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[461] " \t \t\n\n  Harald Vilimsky (NI), schriftlich. — Der Klimawandel ist natürlich auch für Europa ein Problem, für welches man Lösungen oder wenigstens Ansätze schaffen muss, um dieser Bedrohung entgegenzuwirken. Andererseits darf man hierbei zum einen nicht den wesentlichen wirtschaftlichen Aspekt vergessen, der u. a. beim Emissionshandel entsteht und der sicherlich auch nachteilig im Sinne einer wachsenden europäischen Wirtschaft gesehen werden muss, insbesondere da Europa ja durchaus seinen Beitrag diesbezüglich geleistet hat. Viel mehr stört es mich aber, dass die Ziele der Konferenz von nahezu utopischem Ausmaß sind und gänzlich schädigend für die europäische Wirtschaft. Im Wissen, dass sich weder USA, China noch die Türkei an diese Ziele halten oder diese gar respektieren, und aus den vorher genannten Gründen habe ich mich meiner Stimme enthalten.\n\n\t "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[462] "Ho votato convintamente contro a questa demagogica relazione, nella quale si vuole estendere a un numero incalcolabile di persone, diritto di asilo, rendendo il fenomeno dell'immigrazione ancora più insostenibile per i soliti paesi di primo arrivo.\nParticolarmente assurda e pericolosa è l'introduzione del principio di \"immigrazione climatica\", basato sul presupposto, suscettibile di un'estensione di portata incalcolabile, della platea degli aventi diritto all'accoglienza.\nOccorre bloccare questo trend così assurdo, che ha come conseguenza, l'aumento della percezione verso l'immigrazione."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[463] "Die der westlichen Klimaschutzpolitik zugrunde liegende Behauptung eines vom Menschen verursachten Klimawandels ist eine ideologisch unterfütterte These und bis heute nicht bewiesen. Die Effekte der aus den zahlreichen Klimaschutzzielen abgeleiteten Politik sind vor diesem Hintergrund fraglich und vielfach nicht dokumentierbar, während sich die Politik zu einer Unzahl von Regelungs- und Gängelungsvorschriften legitimiert sieht. Im Bereich des Dämmschutzes bei Häusern sind diese z. B. höchst umstritten. Hier war Ablehnung angebracht."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[464] ". – UKIP voted against this non-legislative and non-binding report. UKIP MEPs do not believe that the European Union should attempt to have any role in facilitating or shaping international rules. Member States, not the unelected EU Commission in Brussels, should have the power of making their own policy decisions with regard to domestic climate policy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[465] ". – UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. EU energy and climate policies are profoundly damaging European economy. EU unilateral climate policy is making Europe non-competitive and it is causing a huge loss of jobs and industries. Companies are forced to take radical decisions, moving offshore to defend themselves from bankruptcy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[466] ". – UKIP voted against this own-initiative report, as MEPs believe that it is not for the European Union to take action on climate change or to tell Member States how they should implement the outcomes of the COP21 Paris Agreement. Furthermore UKIP MEPs disagree with spending any EU funds on this issue. We have also voted against amendment one as we do not believe that it is the EU’s place to introduce mandatory targets."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[467] ". – UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report as UKIP questions the entire EU energy and climate policy, which is entirely based on the man—made climate change theory. We reject new legislation coming from Brussels and believe that national parliaments should be free to have legislative autonomy on this subject."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[468] ". – UKIP voted against this non-legislative non-binding report. UKIP opposes the EU climate-change agenda. Whilst there were many sensitive aspects to this report regarding the vulnerability of women and the exacerbation of violence, sexual exploitation and trafficking, which we want to tackle, we are against more EU action. This report called for gender mainstreaming within climate-change policy and to impose sanctions on those that did not conform to gender quotas. We disagree with the concept of gender quotas and believe in positions based on merit not gender.\nFurthermore, we do not support calls for additional funding. Therefore in light of all the above, we opposed this report."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[469] ". – UKIP MEPs have voted against this Resolution on 2017 UN Climate Change Conference in Bonn. UKIP deny the Climate Change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the EU Commission. They are the cause of current damaging and counter-productive energy policy. The European Commission continues imposing never-ending objectives for emissions reductions. EU policies are forcing the investment of vast amounts of money into activity that will have little or no effect on climate."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[470] ". – UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report on land use, land use change and forestry. UKIP rejects the Commission proposal. UKIP does not believe in man-made climate change and believes that CO2 is not a pollutant. New legislation in this field would only bring further bureaucracy and economic damages to this sector. UKIP notes that forestry is not an EU competence."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[471] "Si ce rapport mentionne les intenables et chimériques Accords de Paris, il défend aussi la protection des écosystèmes, la santé des citoyens des pays européens, l’augmentation des fonds pour la recherche, la cohérence technique et financière des fonds alloués, la limitation des prérogatives de la Commission (actes délégués), l’équilibre des projets ou encore les bonnes pratiques entre États membres et un surcroît d’implication de leur part. Enfin, la Cour des comptes européenne s’est félicitée de la bonne gestion financière de ce programme. Aussi ai-je voté pour ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[472] "Ce rapport prévoit d’imposer des objectifs contraignants et des sanctions aux constructeurs en matière de réduction des émissions de CO2 des véhicules lourds alors qu'aucun modèle de calcul des émissions ne permet pour l’instant de tenir compte, avec réalisme, des paramètres liés aux conditions réelles d’utilisation du véhicule selon la typologie du transport pour lequel il est mis en circulation et exploité par l’utilisateur final. J’ai par conséquent voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[473] "Composante essentielle de l’accord de Paris, le «Fonds vert», prévoit à partir de 2020 un transfert permanent de richesses d’un montant de 100 milliards de dollars de l’Occident vers le reste du monde, afin de «soutenir les efforts des pays en développement dans la transition vers des sociétés à faibles émissions de dioxyde de carbone, qui soient plus ouvertes, durables sur le plan social et écologique, prospères et sûres». Les États-Unis s’étant retirés de l’accord de Paris, les États restants auront de grandes difficultés à mobiliser une telle somme en faveur des pays tiers non soumis par ailleurs aux mêmes obligations de résultat que leurs donateurs. En outre, l’accord de Paris, qui oblige à la réduction drastique immédiate de CO2 en Occident, donne la possibilité à des États tels que la Chine non seulement de ne pas réduire, mais de continuer à augmenter leurs émissions jusqu’en 2030. J’ai voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[474] "Le présent rapport rappelle la nécessité de la coopération internationale en matière de lutte contre le changement climatique, et notamment la mise en œuvre des accords de Paris. Cependant, ces normes imposées ne seront pas appliquées par tous les pays, ce qui va entraîner une forte baisse de la compétitivité pour nos entreprises en impactant des secteurs importants pour notre économie comme l’agriculture ou l’industrie. De plus, la diplomatie climatique ne doit pas servir à justifier les migrations, ce qui est le cas en l’occurrence. Aussi ai-je voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[475] "L’objectif de la proposition de la Commission européenne est de surveiller et communiquer les données relatives aux émissions de CO2 et à la consommation de carburant des véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs dans l’Union européenne. La proposition précise les catégories de véhicules, impose une série d’obligations aux États membres, énonce les obligations imposées aux constructeurs, mais surtout, le règlement que souhaite la Commission contient des dispositions habilitant celle-ci à adopter des actes délégués et à infliger des amendes administratives. Le problème de cette proposition réside dans la transparence souhaitée par le rapporteur qui peut compromettre le secret des données. De plus, le rapport final confère à la Commission un pouvoir de sanction, et enfin le rapport permet la diffusion d’informations qui ne sont pourtant pas nécessaires au fonctionnement de l’outil VECTO. J’ai donc voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[476] "Ce projet de règlement sur l’usage des terres, agricoles ou forestières, s’inscrit dans la poursuite de l’Accord de Paris. Il requiert des États membres qu’ils préservent une répartition des sols leur permettant d’absorber, jusqu’en 2030, la même quantité de carbone que pendant la période de référence 2000-2009. Après 2030, les États membres s’engagent à modifier cette répartition des terres afin d’accroître cette capacité d’absorption. Les forêts gagnent du terrain en Europe pourtant le règlement réduit considérablement l’apport du secteur forestier en excluant de sa compatibilité l’afforestation spontanée. En outre, ce rapport rend la comptabilisation des terres humides obligatoire à partir de 2026. Dans l’ensemble, il s’agit rapport très technocratique, dans la lignée des accords de Paris, contraignant et entamant ce qui est une compétence exclusive des États membres, avec la bénédiction de nos dirigeants. Malgré certains efforts pour ne pas pénaliser par des débits comptables les efforts de gestion durable des forêts, l'ambition de la stratégie climatique européenne reste trop éloignée des intérêts des États, dont la France. J’ai donc voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[477] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport qui vise à faire passer l’écologisme avant les intérêts des États membres et de l’Union européenne, tout cela pour espérer réduire de 1,5°C le réchauffement climatique par une réduction des émissions de gaz à effet de serre, seul responsable semble-t-il des bouleversements climatiques que nous connaissons. La vaste chimère des Accords de Paris va s’en trouver confortée, au moment où les USA s’en retirent et laissent un trou béant budgétaire à combler pour financer le Fonds vert et autres lubies vertes."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[478] "Ce rapport prétexte du changement climatique et de ses conséquences néfastes sur la qualité de vie des citoyens européens pour demander à l’Union européenne d’intensifier ses relations avec les autorités locales:\n- il est demandé à la Commission européenne d’établir une feuille de route afin de superviser les mesures prises par les villes et les régions en faveur de la réduction des émissions de CO2,\n- il est demandé de maintenir et de renforcer les critères ex-ante qui conditionnent l’attribution des fonds européens au respect des objectifs environnementaux fixés par la Commission,\nD’une part, ce rapport vise à octroyer à l’Union européenne de nouvelles prérogatives comme la politique urbaine et l’aménagement du territoire. politiques qui relèvent pourtant des compétences exclusives des États membres. D’autre part, ce rapport appelle à augmenter le budget alloué à la politique de cohésion et à accroitre la part de financement affectée aux thématiques environnementales.\nJ’ai voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[479] "Ce rapport tente de lier deux concepts plutôt en vogue : l’égalité des sexes et les changements climatiques. Le terme central est la Justice climatique, définie comme étant : « une addition entre l’égalité des sexes, la justice sociale, et le droit au développement ». Ou encore comme liant « les droits de l’homme et une répartition équitable des problèmes et des bénéfices engendrés par le changement climatique ». Le rapport dénonce à juste titre l’aberration qui veut que les pays développés polluent tandis que les pays les moins développés encaissent les conséquences de cette pollution. Un constat réaliste est fait sur les conséquences du changement climatique (pauvreté, conflits, migrations). À ce titre, encourager une coopération entre les États européens pour remédier aux conséquences évoquées précédemment est une bonne chose. Toutefois, les solutions prônées par le rapport sont très favorables à l’immigration (constitution de voies sûres et légales, élargissement des critères d’accueil...). C’est pourquoi j’ai voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[480] "Il s’agit d’un accord entre l’UE et la Suisse pour fusionner leurs systèmes d’échange de quotas d’émissions (SEQE).\nSi la Suisse souhaite adhérer au SEQE de l’UE, c'est son choix souverain donc respectable, allant dans le sens de ses intérêts. Les entreprises suisses, notamment les plus polluantes, auront accès via le SEQE à un marché plus grand et à des allocations de quotas d’émissions plus avantageuses que ce que leur système national leur propose.\nNéanmoins, cela ne remet pas en cause notre critique de fond sur le SEQE dont le fonctionnement cumule les handicaps et dont le rôle dans la décarbonation est mineur du fait d’un manque évident de transparence et de la production d’un excédent structurel de quotas d’émissions faisant chuter les prix. En effet, le seul moyen de ranimer le marché du carbone est de rehausser les prix des droits d’émissions afin d’inciter aux réformes écologiques.\nAu lieu de la financiarisation actuelle des émissions de carbone par l’interventionnisme écologique, nous préconisons la création d’une taxe carbone européenne applicable aux biens importés dans le marché intérieur qui remplacerait le SEQE. Je me suis abstenue sur ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[481] "Certains parlementaires veulent donner à l’Union européenne un rôle de leadership dans la défense de l’accord de Paris. De plus, la COP23, comme les conférences précédentes, soutient l’engagement d’acteurs non étatiques (ANE) et leur implication dans les négociations entre États signataires.\nComposante essentielle de l’accord de Paris, le Fonds vert prévoit chaque année d’ici 2020 un véritable transfert permanent de richesses d’un montant de 100 milliards de dollars de l’Occident vers le reste du monde. Les États-Unis s’étant retirés de l’accord de Paris, les malheureux pays développés restants devront mobiliser cette somme au profit des pays tiers non soumis par ailleurs aux mêmes obligations que leurs généreux donateurs. En effet, l’accord de Paris oblige à la réduction drastique immédiate de CO2 en Occident mais offre la possibilité à des États tels que la Chine (premier émetteur mondial) non seulement de ne pas réduire, mais de continuer à augmenter ses émissions jusqu’en 2030! En outre, aucun organe, qu’il soit supranational comme l’Union européenne ou non étatique comme les ANE, ne peut s’immiscer, voire se substituer, aux véritables acteurs que sont les États, seuls légitimes à mener des négociations de ce type. J’ai voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[482] "Ce règlement doit servir de base comptable pour les émissions de carbone dans le cadre de l’utilisation des terres, du changement d’affectation des terres et de la foresterie. Relevant du paquet «Climat 2030» et s’inscrivant dans la poursuite des objectifs chimériques de l’accord de Paris, au moment où les États-Unis s’en retirent, ce rapport pèche par son ambition démesurée et ses critères trop stricts, où l’idéologie prend le pas sur le pragmatisme. Alors que les forêts gagnent du terrain en Europe, il se propose de réduire considérablement l’apport du secteur forestier en excluant de sa comptabilité l’afforestation, tout en rendant obligatoire la gestion des zones humides et la prise en compte des produits ligneux uniquement comme source d’émission de carbone. Avec ce rapport, les États seront privés de la possibilité de compenser leurs émissions grâce au secteur forestier afin de réduire les efforts des secteurs non-ETS, et complaire aux exigences d’organes environnementaux éminemment politiques tels que le GIEC et la CCNUCC, sous le patronage d’une Commission toujours aussi absorbante des souverainetés. Enfin, ce règlement aura pour conséquence une perte significative d’emplois dans le secteur forestier. J’ai donc voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[483] "Ce rapport, quoique motivé par des préoccupations justes et partagées, souffre d’une ambition démesurée qui lui ôte tout intérêt. Galvanisés par les accords de Paris, les parlementaires se proposent d’affermir les propositions déjà contestables de la Commission dans un rapport brouillon, peu étayé scientifiquement et surtout plus contraignant. Un «environnementalisme» idéologique éclipse tout autre aspect, à savoir notre économie et notre compétitivité, et bat en brèche la souveraineté, le principe de subsidiarité et la liberté de collaborer entre États membres. En définitive, le rapport manque son objectif en ne prenant pas assez en compte le potentiel des forêts comme réservoirs de carbone et en négligeant les efforts effectués par l’agriculture depuis 1990 (baisse des émissions de CO2 de 24 %). L’annonce récente de la sortie des États-Unis de la COP21 est par ailleurs une objection dirimante à l’enthousiasme général et risque de charger la France, comme d’autres États, d’un poids financier plus important que prévu. Ce rapport plébiscite des relations internationales post-nationales et un écologisme financiarisé que nous ne pouvons soutenir. Je me suis opposée à ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[484] "I remain concerned by the nature of the European Union’s policies in regards to climate change. I still believe that they are not the right ones to achieve the stated aims, and therefore voted against."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[485] "I remain concerned by the nature of the European Union’s policies in regards to climate change. I still believe that they are not the right ones to achieve the stated aims, and therefore I voted against a doubling of the financial envelope for the LIFE programme."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[486] ". ‒ The changes to this legislation are estimated to cost EUR 17 million. This legislation is clearly aimed at increasing the powers of unelected EU bodies in third countries and the further influence of the EU’s migration agenda. For these reasons, I voted against."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[487] ". ‒ My rationale for opposing the European Union’s approach towards the environment and climate change has been explained in detail previously. I remain of the opinion that this approach is not likely to achieve the stated aims, largely because it cuts pollution within the EU at the expense of increasing emissions elsewhere. Whilst there are some positive points in this report, overall I cannot vote for something which continues with a misguided approach."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[488] "I have consistently opposed the counterproductive and failing EU energy policy. Whilst reduction of CO2 emissions is a reasonable goal, CO2 is not the only pollutant in our atmosphere. Obsessive short-term focus on that measure alone is seriously short-sighted. I believe it to be consistent with the result of the UK referendum for me to vote against such action being taken at the European Union level; the people of the UK voted to repatriate sovereignty to our Parliament in Westminster."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[489] "This matter was not the subject of a roll-call vote. In the interests of transparency and democracy, I would like to confirm that I voted against the proposal."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[490] ". ‒ This report calls for a strong leadership role for the EU. It calls for a stronger role for the Commission and the European External Action Service, focusing on a joint EU effort to set up an EU climate diplomacy strategy equipped with the necessary financial and human resources. I oppose the EU interfering with the policies of Member States and using taxpayer money to fund it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[491] "I believe that this is a matter which should be legislated at national level. Furthermore, given that the UK has voted to leave the European Union, it would be wrong for me to support further EU legislation."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[492] "I remain concerned by the nature of the European Union’s policies in regards to greenhouse gas emissions. I still believe that they are not the right ones to achieve the stated aims, and therefore voted against."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[493] "I remain concerned by the nature of the European Union’s policies in regards to greenhouse gas emissions. I still believe that they are not the right ones to achieve the stated aims, and therefore voted against."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[494] "I opposed this resolution for a number of reasons, but unusually one of them is that it seeks to interfere with US domestic politics. Whilst I hold some strong opinions on US politics (and not necessarily those which people expect me to hold, given my political background), I do not believe that this level of interference with another sovereign country is appropriate."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[495] ". ‒ I believe that these matters should be determined by the UK Government rather than by the European Union, and therefore I voted against."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[496] "This report is calling for more EU action, additional funding and gender mainstreaming – all of which I oppose. Consequently, I voted against."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[497] "I voted against this Agreement for the same reasons that I opposed the Girling report in an earlier vote. I believe this scheme to be counterproductive and therefore oppose an Agreement to effectively extend it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[498] "The European Union has completely the wrong approach, in my opinion, towards climate and energy policy. As a UKIP MEP, I felt that it was consistent with my principles to vote against this proposal."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[499] "Forestry is not an EU competence; this legislative report appears to attempt to treat forestry as though it were an EU competence by the back door. I therefore voted against."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[500] "This Commission proposal covers all sectors currently outside of the EU emissions trading systems. The aim of the proposal is to deliver in the covered sectors 30% emission reductions by 2030 compared to 2005 levels. It entitles the Commission to authorise the expenditure of EUR 280 million devolved to the management of forest land in Member States. The European Union has completely the wrong approach, in my opinion, towards climate and energy policy. As a UKIP MEP, I felt that it was consistent with my principles to vote against this proposal."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[501] "A klímaváltozás elleni küzdelemben az Európai Unió diplomáciai erőfeszítéseire szükség van, hiszen kontinensünk hiába élenjáró ezen a téren, ha más országok nem teljesítik a Párizsi Megállapodásban vállaltakat. Bebizonyosodott, hogy nem volt igaz az állítás, miszerint számon kérhető jogi elkötelezettségek születtek. Ennek legérzékenyebb példája az Egyesült Államok kormányának kihátrálása az egyezmény hatálya alól.\nUgyanakkor a jelentés túlzó elvárásokat fogalmaz meg az EU-val szemben, rendkívül ambiciózus csökkentési célokkal, nem véve tekintetbe, hogy a globális kibocsátásnak az EU csak kb. 10%-áért felel. A javaslat aggodalmát fejezi ki a klímaváltozás hatására lakhelyüket elhagyni kényszerülők helyzete miatt, ami önmagában helyes. Azonban ezen embereket „klímamenekültként” minősítve, az EU-ba történő érkezésüket legalizálni és megideologizálni nem támogatható felfogás.\nMindezekre tekintettel a végszavazásnál tartózkodtam."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[502] "A jelentés a földhasználathoz, földhasználat megváltoztatásához és az erdőgazdálkodáshoz (LULCF) kapcsolódó CO2 kibocsátás 2030-ra vonatkozó éghajlat politikai és energiapolitikai keretbe történő beillesztéséről szól. Jellemzően technikai jellegű rendeletmódosításról van szó, amelyben a Párizsi megállapodásban foglalt emisszió-csökkentési előírásokhoz való megfelelés az elsődleges szempont.\nEbben az erdőgazdálkodás fenntarthatósága mellett az erdészeti fakitermelés emisszió-csökkentéshez elszámolható technikai adatait szabályozza. Ezzel a nemzeti célkitűzésekben foglalt CO2 csökkentési értékekhez való hozzájárulását szabályozza a rendelettervezet első olvasata. Tekintve, hogy a LULUCF, a földhasználat megváltoztatás és az ebből származó elszámolható emisszió-csökkenés érzékeny téma, számos esetben irreális elvárásokkal és igényekkel megfogalmazva, ezért a szavazáskor tartózkodtam."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[503] "A jelentés üdvözli az EU éghajlatváltozással szembeni fellépésben betöltött vezető szerepét a világban. Hangsúlyozza, hogy Európa a világ legambiciózusabb célkitűzéseit képviseli az éghajlatváltozás elleni fellépésben. Úgy véli, hogy a jövőbeni többéves pénzügyi keretnek – adott esetben – növelnie kell az éghajlati célkitűzések megvalósítását célzó törekvéseinek szintjét, valamint hogy növelni kell az e célra elkülönített kiadások arányát is.\nA jelentés pozitív célokat fogalmaz meg a klímaváltozás elleni küzdelem jegyében, de nem mehetünk el szó nélkül az EU mint legambiciózusabb nemzetközi partner kiemelése mellett. A jelentés a centralizáció burkolt formáját is tartalmazza, ami a tagállamok szerepének további korlátozását vonhatja maga után. Objektív paramétereken, kipróbált és letesztelt módszertanon alapuló jelentéstételi keretet kell végrehajtani, és nyomon kell követni a városok és régiók éghajlatváltozás elleni fellépéseit. Tehát lényegében a Nógrád megyei kistérségek polgármestereinek is EU-s jelentéstételi kötelezettséget írna elő az éghajlatváltozás elleni harc jegyében, teljesen kikerülve a tagállami hatóságokat és szerepüket.\nMindezeket összevetve a szavazás során tartózkodtam."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[504] "A svéd zöldpárti képviselőnő genderlobbi termékként is felfogható jelentése az éghajlatváltozás nőkre gyakorolt hatásait vizsgálja, és ebben a körben szorgalmaz össztársadalmi megoldásokat a nőket emiatt ért hátrányos hatások csökkentésére, kiküszöbölésére. Ugyanakkor olyan valóban meghökkentő adatokat is megismerhetünk ebből a jelentésből, mint például: „Afrikában a mezőgazdasági ágazatban az alapvető élelmiszerek több mint 90%-át nők termelik, miközben a szántóterületek csupán mintegy 1%-át birtokolják.” A javaslatok azonban, fundamentalista módon genderelméletet erőltetőek, több tekintetben kifejezetten utópisztikusak, így valódi áttörést ettől az előterjesztéstől nem várhatunk.\nKülönösen veszélyes és vállalhatatlan a 43. pontban említett klímamigráns témájú rendelkezés, amely abba az irányba mutat, hogy a klímaváltozás miatt élhetetlenné váló térségekből távozók is menekültként lennének kezelve, ezáltal pedig a harmadik világ népességének jelentős részét lehet bezsilipelni Európába. Ezzel végképp visszafordíthatatlanná válna az őshonos európai nemzetek identitásának megtörésére irányuló szándék. Az előzőekre tekintettel a jelentés elfogadását nem támogattam."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[505] "Az EU kibocsátás kereskedelmi rendszerének hatálya alá tartozó ágazatoknak 43%-kal kell csökkenteniük kibocsátásukat a 2005-ös szinthez képest, míg a kibocsátás kereskedelemben részt nem vevő ágazatoknak 30 százalékkal. Az EU ETS piaci mechanizmusa költséghatékony és eredményes módon teszi lehetővé a rugalmasságot és a kibocsátás csökkentést, ugyanakkor hosszú távon rögzített szabályok révén megőrzi az EU energiaigényes iparágainak nemzetközi versenyképességét.\nAz EU ETS rendszere össze fog kapcsolódni a svájci kibocsátás kereskedelmi rendszerrel (svájci ETS). A svájci kibocsátás kereskedelmi rendszer teljesíti azokat a követelményeket, amelyek az EU ETS-sel való összekapcsolás érdekében szükségesek, rendszer összeegyeztethető az uniós kibocsátás kereskedelmi rendszerrel, hasonló a kialakítása. A két rendszer összekapcsolása lehetővé teszi bármelyik résztvevő számára, hogy a kapcsolt rendszerből származó egységeket használjanak fel a szabályok betartása érdekében. Ezáltal bővül a piac és több kibocsátás csökkentési lehetőség áll rendelkezésre, ennek eredményeképp pedig nő a kibocsátás kereskedelem hatékonysága és csökkennek a költségek.\nMindezek alapján a jelentés elfogadását támogattam."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[506] "Egyetértünk azzal, hogy az Európai Unió és tagállamai teljesítsék a Párizsi Megállapodásban vállalt kibocsátás csökkentési célokat. Ezzel az EU bizonyítja elkötelezettségét aziránt, hogy globális összehasonlításban is élen járjon. A párizsi célok az Egyesült Államoknak a megállapodás alóli kihátrálását követően a tervezett ütemben nem teljesíthetők. Irreális Jean-Claude Junkernek az Unió helyzetéről mondott beszédében tett felajánlása - amire expozéjában Canete biztos is hivatkozott -, mely szerint az Unió teljesítse az USA elmaradt kibocsátás csökkentési vállalását.\nEzzel összhangban az állásfoglalás felszólítja a tagállamokat, hogy nyújtsák be a Párizsi Megállapodás szerinti jelenlegi kötelezettség vállalásokon túlmutató további ÜHG-csökkentéseket. Ez olyan mértékben csökkentené az európai ipar versenyképességét, ami elfogadhatatlan. Az indítvány több, irreális, nem teljesíthető célkitűzést is megfogalmaz, amelyek tényleges teljesítése Magyarország energiaellátásának biztonságát is veszélyeztetné. Mindezekre tekintettel a szavazáskor tartózkodtam."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[507] ". – UKIP voted against this legislative report. The EU seeks to reduce emissions within its borders while forcing energy-intensive industries offshore to jurisdictions with lower emission standards. We in UKIP oppose EU climate and energy policy. We reject climate hysteria and we believe the EU should accept that the Paris Agreement is close to its end."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[508] "LIFE est divisé en deux parties : « Environnement » (75% du budget) et « Action pour le climat » (25% du budget).\nLes rapporteurs promeuvent la participation de toutes les parties potentiellement concernées (ONG, société civile, etc.). Des pays tiers peuvent aussi prendre part au programme, sous réserve d’un accord de la Commission. Le budget total du programme LIFE pour la période 2014-2020 s’élève à presque 3, 4 milliards d’euros. D’après la Cour des Comptes, la gestion semble irréprochable.\nAussi ai-je voté en faveur de ce texte qui, malgré ses imperfections, vise à la protection des écosystèmes et la santé des citoyens européens en misant sur la recherche."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[509] ". – Ce rapport tente de démontrer la nécessité d’imposer aux constructeurs des objectifs ambitieux en matière de réduction des émissions de CO2 des véhicules lourds, alors qu'aucun modèle de calcul des émissions ne permet pour l’instant de tenir compte, avec réalisme, des paramètres liés aux conditions réelles d’utilisation du véhicule selon la typologie du transport pour lequel il est mis en circulation.\nIl est par ailleurs question d’appliquer un système «de crédits et de dettes d’émissions» imputables aux constructeurs, accompagné de pénalités financières en cas de niveau d’émissions excédentaires et de non atteinte des objectifs: il s’agit là d’une sanction à la totale défaveur de l’industrie des poids-lourds pour l’ensemble des constructeurs européens et qui ne sera pas sans conséquences sur le prix des véhicules neufs pour les professionnels du transport routier. Aussi ai-je voté contre ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[510] "Mais que vient faire un «plan d’action pour l’égalité des sexes» dans un rapport sur le climat?\nJ’ai évidemment voté contre ce texte qui utilise l’argument écologique pour imposer, entre autres délires, un prétendu devoir moral à accueillir des centaines de millions de «réfugiés climatiques»."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[511] "Bien que la nécessité d’une coopération internationale en matière de lutte contre les changements climatiques ne soit pas contestable, les accords de Paris vont venir nous imposer de lourdes contraintes auxquelles nos concurrents ne seront pas soumis; ce qui va impacter directement notre agriculture, notre industrie et notre secteur énergétique et entraîner une perte de compétitivité pour nos entreprises.\nDe plus, le changement climatique ne doit pas être un prétexte pour justifier les migrations.\nPour ces deux motifs, j’ai voté contre ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[512] "Le rapport final confère à la Commission un inquiétant pouvoir de sanction à l’encontre des constructeurs européens, alors même que la concurrence extra-européenne est toujours plus dure et que nos entreprises subissent de plein fouet l’extraterritorialité du droit américain."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[513] "La Commission a publié en 2016 deux propositions de règlements visant à atteindre notamment -30 % d’émissions de gaz à effet de serre pour les secteurs non couverts par le système ETS, selon les objectifs du paquet énergie-climat 2030. Les deux règlements sont : - la répartition entre les États membres des efforts de réduction pour les secteurs tels que le bâtiment, les transports, l’agriculture … (Règlement ESR) - l’inclusion du secteur de l’utilisation des terres et de la foresterie (règlement « LULUCF »). Ce projet de règlement sur l’usage des terres, agricoles ou forestières, s’inscrit dans la poursuite de l’Accord de Paris. Il requiert des États membres qu’ils préservent une répartition des sols leur permettant d’absorber, jusqu’en 2030, la même quantité de carbone que pendant la période de référence 2000-2009. Après 2030, les États membres s’engagent à modifier cette répartition des terres afin d’accroître cette capacité d’absorption. Cependant, ce rapport reste hautement contestable quant à ses méthodes de calcul mais aussi en raison de sa vision fédéraliste, très éloignée des réalités du terrain et des disparités entre États membres."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[514] "Ce rapport vise à imposer des contraintes irréalistes en fixant des plafonds d’émissions annuels. Pour ce faire, on calcule un niveau de départ des émissions de gaz à effet de serre à partir d’une année donnée (en l’occurrence 2019).\nDe fait, un certain nombre d’États, en particulier les grands États agricoles comme la France, ont réclamé la mise en place de mécanismes de flexibilité, arguant de la difficulté de réduire les émissions provenant des activités agricoles.\nCes États pourront donc, afin d’atteindre les objectifs, comptabiliser les réductions des émissions générées par le changement d’affectation des terres (LULUCF), à hauteur de 280 millions de tonnes de CO2, le tout réparti entre les 27 États (la France est le plus grand bénéficiaire avec 50 millions de tonnes). Ils pourront aussi utiliser un certain nombre de quotas du marché du carbone à hauteur de 100 millions de tonnes. Ces États devront notifier chaque année à la Commission le nombre de quotas qu’ils souhaitent utiliser entre 2020 et 2030.\nÀ noter que les PECO disposent d’un «budget» plus élevé puisqu’ils ont le droit d’augmenter leurs émissions jusqu’en 2020.\nNous devons défendre notre écosystème mais sans dogmatisme."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[515] ". – Ce rapport prétexte du changement climatique et de ses conséquences néfastes sur la qualité de vie des citoyens européens pour demander à l’Union européenne d’intensifier ses relations avec les autorités locales:\n- il est demandé à la Commission européenne d’établir une feuille de route afin de superviser les mesures prises par les villes et les régions en faveur de la réduction des émissions de CO2;\n- il est demandé de maintenir et de renforcer les critères ex ante qui conditionnent l’attribution des fonds européens au respect des objectifs environnementaux fixés par la Commission, dans le cadre de la préparation du CFP (cadre financier pluriannuel) post 2020;\n- il est rappelé le rôle important des stratégies macro-régionales dans la lutte contre le changement climatique alors qu’elles ont été conçues d’abord pour réduire les souverainetés nationales.\nD’une part, ce rapport vise à octroyer à l’Union européenne de nouvelles prérogatives comme la politique urbaine et l’aménagement du territoire, politiques qui relèvent pourtant des compétences exclusives des États membres. D’autre part, ce rapport appelle à augmenter le budget alloué à la politique de cohésion et à accroitre la part de financement affectée aux thématiques environnementales. J’ai voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[516] "La transparence souhaitée par le rapporteur est de nature à compromettre le secret des données sensibles, notamment vis-à-vis de constructeurs extra-européens. Il permet en effet la diffusion d’informations qui ne sont pourtant pas nécessaire au fonctionnement de l’outil VECTO. Voilà qui est de nature à compromettre les innovations effectuées par les constructeurs européens. De plus, alors que la proposition initiale prévoyait un mécanisme de vérification de la fiabilité des données, le rapport final confère à la Commission un pouvoir de sanction contraire au principe de subsidiarité.\nAussi ai-je voté contre ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[517] "Voilà encore un édifiant catalogue des idées à la mode, de ces bonnes intentions dont l’enfer euro-mondialiste est pavé. J’ai voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[518] ". – J’ai voté contre ce texte qui fait preuve d’une ingérence inacceptable tout comme d’une naïveté béate. Il légitime en effet les organismes supranationaux – comme l’Union européenne – et les acteurs non étatiques, qui pourraient déterminer la politique à suivre d’États souverains en matière d’environnement. Si cette question est bien sûr cruciale, elle doit rester de la compétence exclusive des nations puisque toutes n’ont pas les mêmes intérêts et ne devraient pas être à la merci d’idéologues ou de groupes d’influence à intérêts parfois douteux."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[519] "Ce rapport a été rédigé dans l’optique de plaire à des organismes fortement politisés et à la légitimité douteuse, tels que le GIEC et la CCNUCC. J’ai voté contre ce texte qui priverait les États de la possibilité de compenser leurs émissions grâce au secteur forestier, et qui entraînerait une perte non- négligeable d’emplois dans ce domaine."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[520] "S’inscrivant dans une série de mesures relatives à la mobilité, l’objectif de celle-ci est d’établir des normes de performance en matières d’émissions de CO2 pour les nouveaux véhicules lourds. Ce texte risque d’impacter le prix des véhicules neufs pour les professionnels du transport routier. De plus, il n’est pas certain que cela ait véritablement un impact sur les émissions de CO2, car aucun modèle de calcul des émissions ne permet pour l’instant de tenir compte véritablement des paramètres liés aux conditions réelles d’utilisation du véhicule selon la typologie du transport pour lequel il est mis en circulation. Je vote donc contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[521] "J’ai voté pour ce texte.\nLe programme LIFE porte spécifiquement sur les politiques environnementales et liées au changement climatique de l’Union européenne. Il est divisé entre un volet environnement (75 % du budget) et « action pour le climat » (25 %). Je suis favorable à certaines des priorités mises en avant par ce programme, notamment en matière de santé publique ou de protection des écosystèmes. C’est d’ailleurs un programme dont la gestion a été saluée par la Cour des comptes européenne."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[522] "J’ai voté contre ce texte.\nLes officiers de liaison immigration sont déployés par les États membres et l’Union européenne dans les pays tiers afin de se concerter avec les autorités nationales de ces États tiers en matière de lutte contre l’immigration illégale. Près de 500 officiers de liaison sont déployés dans plus de 100 États tiers. Le texte comporte quelques dispositions positives, comme celle ayant trait au rôle des officiers de liaison dans la lutte contre le trafic de migrants ou bien aux fonds de soutien aux officiers de liaison. Pour autant, il exalte l’immigration légale comme solution à l’immigration illégale, ce qui est un point de vue à son sens erroné. Il ne renforce pas suffisamment les voies de retour, notamment en rejetant toute conditionnalité vis-à-vis des pays d’origine."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[523] "Le programme pour l’environnement et l’action pour le climat (LIFE) sert de cadre principal à tout financement européen pour les politiques en faveur de l’environnement et contre le changement climatique. Le budget du programme s’élève à 3,4 milliards d’euros, ce qui n’est pas énorme au regard d’autres programmes qui n’ont pas la même urgence.\nDans son contenu, le rapport défend la protection des écosystèmes, la santé des citoyens européens, l’augmentation des fonds pour la recherche... Bref, il me paraît tout à fait équilibré, d’autant que la Cour des comptes européenne a fait l’éloge de sa gestion financière. Je le soutiens par conséquent."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[524] "J’ai voté contre ce texte.\nIl s’agit du troisième train de mesures de «l’Europe en mouvement», qui concerne la mobilité à faibles émissions. En 2050, les émissions de gaz à effets de serre des transports devront être au moins 60 % inférieures à leurs niveaux de 1990. Or, les émissions de CO2 de véhicules lourds devraient augmenter d’ici à 2030.\nJ’ai voté contre ce texte sanction, qui ne sera pas sans conséquence sur le prix des véhicules neufs sur l’ensemble du secteur routier."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[525] "J’ai voté contre ce texte.\nLes Accords de Paris prévoient notamment la mise en place de fonds verts à partir de 2020, c’est-à-dire le transfert permanent de richesses d’un montant de 100 milliards de dollars au profit des États en développement, afin de soutenir la transition de ces derniers vers des économies plus durables. Du fait du retrait américain, les Européens auront les plus grandes difficultés à prendre en charge ces dépenses. Je suis d’autre part très vigilante quant à la notion de «réfugié climatique», qui se profile comme une conséquence probable de cet accord et fera le lit de la prochaine vague d’immigration."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[526] "J’ai voté contre ce texte.\nDepuis 2015, l’action climatique est au cœur du Service Européen pour l’Action Extérieure (SEAE), qui œuvre pour le respect des accords de Paris. Ce texte prétend imposer aux États membres des efforts supplémentaires pour limiter les émissions.\nIl est incontestable que le défi du changement climatique appelle une action concertée. Pour autant, les États européens ne peuvent systématiquement consentir à des efforts qui les lèsent face à des États comme la Chine ou l’Inde, qui pratiquent parfois une concurrence féroce voire déloyale dans certains secteurs comme la sidérurgie."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[527] "L’Union européenne s’est engagée à réduire ses émissions de 40 %, les émissions dues aux transports devraient quant à elle baisser de 60 % par rapport aux niveaux de 1990 et ce jusqu’à l’horizon 2050. En 2014, un quart de ces émissions était le fait des véhicules utilitaires lourds.\nPar ce texte, la Commission souhaite combler un vide juridique par lequel ces véhicules, lorsqu’ils sont neufs, ne sont soumis à aucune obligation de certification ou d’information.\nLa Commission a donc mis en place un mécanisme de certification ainsi que de simulation, la dernière étape consistant en la mise à disposition d’informations, de façon à ce que toutes les données calculées par les constructeurs soient communiquées aux autorités publiques.\nLe règlement de ce jour porte donc sur les exigences applicables à la surveillance et à la communication des données en fixant notamment les obligations d’information des États et des constructeurs. La Commission se voit confier des pouvoirs délégués et devra tenir un registre, ouvert à l’information du public.\nJe me suis opposée à ce rapport qui implique la transmission de données sensibles et autorise la Commission à infliger des amendes administratives directement aux constructeurs."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[528] "J’ai voté contre le rapport sur la proposition de règlement du Parlement européen et du Conseil relatif à la prise en compte des émissions et des absorptions de gaz à effet de serre résultant de l’utilisation des terres, du changement d’affectation des terres et de la foresterie dans le cadre d’action pour le climat et l’énergie à l’horizon 2030 et modifiant le règlement (UE) nº 525/2013 du Parlement européen et du Conseil relatif à un mécanisme pour la surveillance et la déclaration des émissions de gaz à effet de serre et pour la déclaration d’autres informations ayant trait au changement climatique. Très « techno », le rapport est contraignant, et porte atteinte à des compétences exclusives des Etats membres. Malgré certains efforts pour ne pas pénaliser par des débits comptables les efforts de gestion durable des forêts, l'ambition de la stratégie climatique européenne reste trop éloignée des intérêts des États, dont la France."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[529] "J’ai voté contre le rapport sur la proposition de règlement du Parlement européen et du Conseil relatif aux réductions annuelles contraignantes des émissions de gaz à effet de serre par les États membres de 2021 à 2030 en faveur d’une Union de l’énergie résiliente et afin de respecter les engagements pris en vertu de l’accord de Paris et modifiant le règlement (UE) n° 525/2013 du Parlement européen et du Conseil relatif à un mécanisme pour la surveillance et la déclaration des émissions de gaz à effet de serre et pour la déclaration d’autres informations ayant trait au changement climatique. L’écologisme forcené passe avant les intérêts des États membres et de l’Union européenne, dans l’objectif fallacieux de réduire de 1,5°C le réchauffement climatique par une réduction des émissions de gaz à effet de serre, seul responsable semble-t-il des bouleversements climatiques que nous connaissons. La vaste chimère des accords de Paris va s’en trouver confortée, au moment où les USA s’en retirent et laissent un trou béant budgétaire à combler pour financer le Fonds Vert."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[530] "J’ai voté contre ce texte.\nCe rapport outrepasse largement les prérogatives des États membres en accordant à la Commission un droit de regard sur les politiques d’aménagement des villes et régions. En effet, il s’agirait pour la Commission de superviser les mesures locales de réduction des émissions de CO2 qui conditionneraient, notamment, l’attribution de fonds européens. Je m’y suis donc opposée."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[531] "J’ai voté contre le texte relatif à la surveillance et à la communication des données relatives aux émissions de CO2 et à la consommation de carburant des véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs. Voté d’une courte majorité en commission ENVI après avoir été rejeté en commission TRAN, le rapport Zofolli présente de nombreux défauts, qui m’interdisent de voter favorablement: la transparence souhaitée par le rapporteur est de nature à compromettre le secret des données sensibles, notamment vis-à-vis de constructeurs non européens via une divulgation de nombreuses données sensibles acquises au travers de l’investissement en R&D; alors que la proposition initiale prévoyait un mécanisme de vérification de la fiabilité des données, le rapport final confère à la Commission un pouvoir de sanction au travers de la possibilité offerte pour cette dernière d’infliger des amendes administrations directement aux constructeurs, ce qui apparaît contraire au principe de subsidiarité auquel nous sommes attachés; enfin, il apparaît que le rapport permet la diffusion d’informations qui ne sont pourtant pas nécessaires au fonctionnement de l’outil VECTO. Aussi, une pareille divulgation de données est de nature à compromettre les innovations effectuées par les constructeurs européens au détriment des concurrents extra-européens."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[532] "J’ai voté contre le rapport sur les femmes, l’égalité des genres et la justice climatique. Si certains aspects du texte pourraient aller dans le bon sens, à l’image de la lutte contre les accords de libre-échange, de la promotion de politiques économiques localistes ou de l’éducation des femmes en vue d’une décroissance démographique du continent africain, d’autres propositions sont intolérables. Dans le droit fil des différentes politiques pro-immigration menées par l’Union européenne, on trouve ainsi une proposition ayant pour objectif de créer des “canaux de migrations sûrs et régularisés”, c’est-à-dire de nouvelles routes pour les “migrants” économiques, ou bien encore la volonté d’une protection spécifique pour les “femmes migrantes”, qui encouragerait les départs. Considérant que l’immigration de masse pose un danger mortel à la France, je ne peux pas appuyer de telles mesures."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[533] "Je me suis abstenue sur ce texte.\nIl s’agit d’un accord que l’Union européenne et la Suisse ont conclu pour fusionner leurs systèmes d’échange de quotas d’émissions, à la suite de la décision du Conseil relative au couplage des deux marchés.\nLes industries suisses sont en effet soumises, depuis 2013, au système d’échange de quotas d’émissions. Eu égard au nombre d’entreprises polluantes dans ce pays, l’inclusion de la Suisse dans le système européen des quotas, qui accuse une forte baisse de prix, pourrait être intéressante.\nCeci étant dit, je suis défavorable au système de quotas d’émissions dans la mesure où, de par ses prix trop bas, il ne contribue aucunement à la décarbonation de l’économie. Il faudrait, au contraire, mettre en place une taxe sur le carbone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[534] "La COP23 doit servir à renforcer la mise en œuvre de l’accord de Paris sur le climat. La conférence suivante, la COP24, devrait établir une stratégie de long terme de développement à faibles émissions de gaz à effet de serre pour 2050.\nLa commission ENVI, par ce rapport, souhaite donner un rôle de leadership à l’Union européenne dans ces évènements, notamment en constituant des «alliances climatiques». Pourtant, l’Union européenne est dans l’impasse: elle n’a pas su empêcher le retrait américain de l’accord, se retrouvant ainsi bien seule pour alimenter le Fonds vert, fonds qui prévoit 100 milliards de dollars pour les pays développés.\nPour répondre au défi climatique, l’échelle locale reste la meilleure, à condition bien sûr qu’elle soit soutenue par l’État. La série documentaire d’Arte «Les îles du futur» montre bien que c’est lorsque les populations sont impliquées que l’on parvient à une véritable transition énergétique. Les fonds nécessaires ne sont pas forcément démentiels, mais le soutien de l’État pour la recherche est essentiel. Je m’oppose donc à ce rapport qui oublie le principe de subsidiarité: lorsque l’échelon le plus bas en a la capacité, c’est à lui qu’en revient la charge."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[535] "En Europe, les forêts gagnent en surface. Pourtant, ce rapport préconise de ne pas prendre en compte la captation de CO2 permise par l'afforestation (boisement d'une surface longtemps dépourvue d'arbre). Le secteur forestier est donc seulement pris comme une source d'émission de CO2. Cela n'est pas sans conséquence sur les politiques forestières qui varient selon les États. Le rôle joué par les forêts comme puits de carbone ainsi nié, la France et les autres États membres seront conduits à récolter davantage de bois afin de développer les secteurs de la bio-économie et de la bioénergie.\nJe m'oppose à ce rapport car les politiques forestières doivent rester une compétence étatique. Les États sont les plus à même de déterminer une exploitation raisonnablement et raisonnée de leurs forêts. Je ne peux non plus rester indifférente face à la perspective d'une perte d'emploi pour le secteur forestier."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[536] "Je suis très consciente de la nécessité impérieuse de réduire les émissions de gaz à effet de serre pour s’assurer un avenir proche qui soit vivable. Le rôle du politique est de prendre des mesures justes et réalisables. Or, je trouve que ce rapport manque le coche en péchant dans l’irréalisme. On ne réduira pas les émissions de GES en imposant des règles par le haut. On ne gagne rien à aller contre la souveraineté des nations quand le succès suppose la mobilisation de celles-ci. Ici, l’UE renonce tout simplement au principe de subsidiarité, principe logique préconisant d’encourager chacun à réaliser le devoir propre à son échelon afin que tout problème soit résolu au niveau le plus adéquat.\nC’est au niveau local qu’il faut agir, il est par conséquent contre-productif de baisser les crédits LULUCF/UTCATF alors que cela pénalise ceux qui se sont lancés dans l’agroforesterie. De même, on connaît les dégâts causés par la finance sur la planète, il est donc absurde de financiariser davantage l’écologie en créant un système d’enchères écologiques, complètement déconnecté avec la vie des gens ordinaires. Quoique visant un objectif juste, ce rapport préconise des moyens inadaptés, c’est pourquoi je m’y oppose."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[537] "Il Parlamento è chiamato all'approvazione dell'accordo interistituzionale sui livelli di prestazione in materia di emissioni di CO2 dei veicoli pesanti nuovi. A partire dal 2030 i nuovi autocarri saranno obbligati a ridurre, in media, le emissioni di CO2 del 30%, altrimenti subiranno una sanzione pecuniaria sotto forma di indennità per emissioni in eccesso. Nel testo ho riscontrato varie criticità che mi hanno spinta ad esprimere voto contrario."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[538] "Nella relazione Gerbrandy permangono criticità che mi hanno spinta a un voto negativo."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[539] "Non condivido le finalità di questo testo che chiede una maggiore centralizzazione nelle mani della Commissione della rete dei funzionari di collegamento incaricati dell'immigrazione. Ritengo che questo aumenterebbe il rischio che tale rete sia utilizzata come un mezzo di incentivazione dell'emigrazione, ancorché legale, dai paesi in via di sviluppo verso l'Europa, mentre il fenomeno dell'emigrazione viene denunciato come contrario ai rispettivi interessi nazionali da un numero sempre crescente di governi di questi paesi."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[540] "Ritengo poco ponderata e mal strutturata questa relazione sull'istituzione di un programma per l'ambiente e l'azione per il clima (LIFE). Nel testo ho riscontrato diversi punti critici che non posso condividere. Per questi motivi mi sono espressa con un voto contrario."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[541] "Con questa proposta legislativa la Commissione intende fissare gli obiettivi fino al 2030 di riduzione delle emissioni di anidride carbonica per quei nuovi veicoli pesanti per i quali non esiste ancora una normativa comunitaria. Il testo è poco equilibrato e contiene diversi passaggi che non condivido, che mi hanno convinta a esprimermi con un voto contrario."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[542] "Non condivido quanto contenuto in questa relazione. Ritengo che le motivazioni presenti nel testo siano faziose e che si tratti dell'ennesimo tentativo di giustificare l'immigrazione di massa verso l'Europa, invece di sostenere un equilibrato sviluppo dei Paesi africani e cancellare in questo modo le cause dell'emigrazione. Ho quindi espresso un voto contrario alla relazione."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[543] "La relazione intende colmare la lacuna normativa, in merito alle emissioni di anidride carbonica (CO2) per i veicoli pesanti. Non condivido quanto contenuto nel testo, perché ritengo che le misure proposte non tutelino adeguatamente gli operatori e le imprese del settore. Per questo motivo non ho inteso sostenere la relazione, con il mio voto."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[544] "La relazione Lins tratta del nuovo regolamento sull'uso del suolo, sui cambiamenti di uso del suolo e sulla silvicoltura (nell'acronimo LULUCF) che delinea un quadro che assicura la contabilizzazione delle emissioni e degli assorbimenti generati e ha l'obiettivo di ridurre le emissioni almeno del 40% entro il 2030. Ritengo che questo provvedimento sia troppo oneroso e che ponga condizioni poco fattibili per le nostre imprese. Mi sono quindi espressa con un voto contrario."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[545] "La presente relazione propone una serie di misure per la riduzione delle emissioni di CO2 dei settori che non rientrano nel sistema europeo di scambio di quote di emissione di anidride carbonica (ETS), stabilendo degli obiettivi nazionali vincolanti, per ridurre entro il 2030 le emissioni del 30% rispetto al 2005. Ritengo che il quadro proposto porti ad eccessivi costi e a pochi benefici per le nostre imprese, e non ho quindi inteso sostenere il testo con il mio voto."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[546] "La relazione oggetto di voto contiene passaggi che ritengo non equilibrati e poco condivisibili, non ho quindi inteso supportarla."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[547] "Ritengo che i negoziati interistituzionali per questo dossier debbano aprirsi solo dopo la consultazione parlamentare in sessione plenaria, per questo mi sono espressa con voto contrario."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[548] "La relazione oggetto di voto, riguarda l'accordo tra l'UE e la Svizzera, di collegare i propri mercati di quote di emissione di gas a effetto serra (ETS). Ho rilevato nel testo alcuni passaggi critici che mi hanno convinta ad esprimermi con un voto contrario."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[549] "La risoluzione oggetto di voto contiene passaggi che ritengo non equilibrati e poco condivisibili, non ho quindi inteso supportarla."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[550] "L'uso del suolo, i cambiamenti di uso del suolo e la silvicoltura (riuniti nell'acronimo LULUCF) rappresentano una categoria nel quadro contabile della Convenzione quadro delle Nazioni Unite sui cambiamenti climatici (UNFCCC) per le emissioni di gas a effetto serra. Le emissioni e gli assorbimenti dei gas serra nel settore LULUCF sono oggetto degli obblighi internazionali ai sensi del protocollo di Kyoto, e sono vigenti fino al 2020. La presente proposta di regolamento intende invece definire il settore LULUCF come pilastro a sé stante, che significa un maggiore onere burocratico sia per gli Stati membri sia per il comparto agricolo. Credo quindi che questa proposta non sia nell'interesse dei nostri agricoltori e per questo non ho voluto sostenerla. L'UE dovrebbe far di più in favore dei nostri produttori agricoli, non certo caricarli di ulteriore burocrazia."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[551] "La relazione riguarda la proposta di ridurre, nel periodo 2021-2030, le emissioni di gas a effetto serra dei settori non ETS, che sono i settori dell'edilizia, dei trasporti, dei servizi, dei piccoli impianti industriali, dell'agricoltura e dei rifiuti. Ritengo questa proposta eccessivamente penalizzante per le imprese italiane di questi settori e quindi non ho inteso sostenere il testo, con il mio voto."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[552] "Ce rapport défend la protection des écosystèmes, la santé des ressortissants européens, l'augmentation des fonds pour la recherche, la cohérence technique et financière des fonds alloués, la limitation des prérogatives de la Commission, l'équilibre des projets ou encore les bonnes pratiques entre États membres.\nJ'ai par conséquent voté pour ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[553] "Ces normes d’émission maximum de CO2 que la Commission souhaite imposer aux constructeurs de poids lourds européens exclusivement, auront deux effets :\n- l’augmentation des prix pour les utilisateurs,\n- la baisse de compétitivité des constructeurs européens par rapport à ceux des pays tiers.\nPar conséquent, j'ai voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[554] "Je suis très consciente des problèmes environnementaux que posent les poids lourds mais la transparence dans la communication des données est de nature à compromettre le secret des données sensibles ce qui pourrait nuire à la compétitivité des entreprise. Le pouvoir de sanction confié à la Commission européenne est contraire au principe de subsidiarité.\nC’est pourquoi, j'ai voté contre ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[555] "Une fois de plus les bonnes intentions de l’UE en matière environnementales se révèlent contre productives, car trop générales, faisant fi des particularités régionales et nationales. Les exploitants forestiers français n’y trouvent pas leur compte. Par conséquent, j'ai voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[556] "Cette proposition de règlement du Parlement vise à instaurer une sorte de budget carbone notamment pour les activités agricoles dont je conteste l’utilité de plus en plus discutable. En effet, l’UE devrait atteindre ses objectifs climatiques pour 2030 grâce exclusivement à ses politiques d’efficacité énergétique et de développement des énergies renouvelables\nCe rapport n’apporte donc presque rien en matière d’ambition supplémentaire, mais, par contre, va contraindre fortement les acteurs de ce secteur.\nPar conséquent, j'ai voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[557] "Je suis très favorable à toute action visant à améliorer l’environnement en général, et particulièrement dans les villes. Mais, ici, il s’agit de donner à la Commission un rôle de pilote des actions entreprises par les villes européennes en rapport avec la COP 21, ce qui n’entre pas dans ses compétences. Ce rôle devrait rester de la responsabilité exclusive des États membres. Par conséquent, j'ai voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[558] "Je suis bien sûr favorable à une réduction des émissions de CO2 par les véhicules lourds neufs, et à ce que des obligations en ce sens soient imposées aux constructeurs.\nNéanmoins je suis attachée au fait que ces dispositions restent de la compétence des États membres, et je suis opposée à donner à la Commission le pouvoir de sanctionner les constructeurs.\nEnfin je suis sensible au fait que les dispositions contenues dans ce rapport obligent les constructeurs à un niveau de transparence qui leur porterait préjudice vis-à-vis de leurs concurrents extra européens.\nPar conséquent, j'ai voté contre le mandat."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[559] "Je peux tout à fait soutenir les paragraphes de ce rapport qui dénonce l’aberration qui veut que les pays développés ou presque développés polluent tandis que les pays sous-développés encaissent les conséquences de notre pollution. Malheureusement, ce rapport reste très marqué par la question migratoire : création de routes sûres et légales, système de quotas de femmes et création de postes d'experts des questions de genres.\nJ'ai par conséquent voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[560] "Il s’agit ici de donner à l’Union européenne un rôle de leadership dans la mise en œuvre de l’accord de Paris. Or, je considère que ces questions de transition écologique sont, et doivent, rester de la compétence des États membres qui ne peuvent accepter les injonctions d’institutions supranationales.\nPar conséquent, à l’évidence, j’ai voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[561] "Il s’agit dans ce rapport de réglementer, depuis Bruxelles, les coupes de bois et d’établir une base comptable pour les émissions de carbone.\nJe souhaite pour ma part que les politiques forestières restent une compétence exclusive des États membres.\nPar conséquent, je vote contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[562] "Le côté très contraignant voire autoritariste de ce texte, de même que sa propension à battre en brèche la souveraineté des États membres, la liberté de collaborer entre eux et le principe de subsidiarité m’empêchent d’adhérer à ses recommandations même si je suis convaincue de la nécessité de limiter nos émissions.\nPar conséquent je vote contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[563] "J’ai voté en faveur de ce rapport qui vise à défendre la protection des écosystèmes, la santé des citoyens européens, l’augmentation des fonds pour la recherche, la cohérence technique et financière des fonds alloués, la limitation des prérogatives de la Commission, l’équilibre des projets ou encore les bonnes pratiques entre États membres et un surcroît d’implication de leur part."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[564] "Les objectifs de ce rapport visent à établir des normes de performance en matière d’émission de CO2 pour les nouveaux véhicules lourds dans le cadre de la politique industrielle de septembre 2017. Le texte tente de démontrer la nécessité d’adopter les objectifs ambitieux auprès des constructeurs en matière de réduction de CO2 des véhicules lourds sans prendre en compte les conditions réelles d’utilisation du véhicule. Il prévoit également l’instauration d’un système de crédits et de dettes d’émissions imputables aux constructeurs.\nEn d’autres termes, il s’agit de sanctionner l’industrie des poids-lourds pour l’ensemble des constructeurs européens. J’ai donc voté contre ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[565] "Ce rapport présente un certain nombre d’objectifs pour favoriser la diplomatie climatique et la lutte contre les changements climatiques. Néanmoins les mesures présentées pourraient grandement impacter l’économie française car la France devra respecter des normes que d’autres pays ne respecteront pas. C’est donc une perte de compétitivité pour notre agriculture, notre industrie et le secteur énergétique qui sont à redouter. Pour ces raisons, j’ai voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[566] "Ce rapport vise à surveiller et communiquer les données relatives aux émissions de CO2 et à la consommation de carburant des véhicules utilitaires lourds neuf dans l'Union au travers de la rédaction d'un règlement du Parlement européen et du Conseil. Le règlement proposé établit des exigences applicables à la surveillance et à la communication des données d'émissions et à la consommation des véhicules immatriculés dans l'Union. En d'autres termes c'est la porte ouverte à la divulgation des données sensibles à l'égard de constructeurs extra-européen. Le texte présente un aspect de répression en conférant à la Commission le pouvoir de sanctions au travers d'amendes administratives contre les constructeurs notamment. Ce sont pour ces raisons que j'ai voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[567] "Ce rapport vise à la réduction des émissions de gaz à effet de serre dans le secteur de l’utilisation des terres et de la foresterie. Il s’inscrit parfaitement dans la poursuite de l’Accord de Paris en exigeant des Etats membres une répartition des sols devant permettre l’absorption jusqu’en 2030 de la même quantité de carbone que pendant la période 2000-2009. Il s’agit dans l’ensemble, d’un rapport contraignant notamment pour le domaine forestier, raison pour laquelle j’ai voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[568] "Ce rapport vise à la réduction des émissions de gaz à effet de serre dans la poursuite de l’Accord de Paris. Il vise, par un mécanisme complexe et flexible, à surveiller pour contenir et diminuer les émissions de gaz à effet de serre des États membres. Ce texte, s’il est une contrainte supplémentaire pour le secteur agricole de la France, présente un apport discutable ou inutile puisque les efforts en matière d’efficacité énergétique et de développement des énergies renouvelables devront permettre à l’Union européenne d’atteindre ses objectifs climatiques en 2030. C’est pour ces raisons que je me suis abstenu sur ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[569] "Ce texte vise à l'intensification des relations entre l'Union européenne et les autorités locales en utilisant le changement climatique et ses conséquences néfastes sur la qualité de vie. Il est par exemple demandé à la Commission l'établissement d'une feuille de route applicable aux villes et régions européenne pour réduire les émissions de CO2, il est rappelé également le rôle important des stratégies macro-régionales dans la lutte contre le changement climatique alors qu'elles ont été conçues d'abord pour réduire l'influence des frontières nationales.\nCe rapport vise donc à transférer une partie des prérogatives des États en matière d'urbanisme et d'aménagement du territoire puis d'augmenter le budget alloué à la politique de cohésion. Ce sont pour ces raisons que j'ai voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[570] "Ce rapport tente d’associer l’égalité des sexes et le changement climatique. Si nous soutenons l’idée que les pays développés ou en voie de développement polluent, et que les pays sous-développés subissent cette pollution, il résulte un certain nombre de désaccord avec d’autres points : la mise en place de voies sûres pour les migrations, une protection spécifique pour les femmes migrantes, l’instauration de quotas de femmes. Enfin, il n’est pas concevable de hiérarchiser les victimes. Les hommes et les femmes subissent sans distinction les changements climatiques et cet argument ne peut être avancé comme un nouvel étendard dans la lutte pour l’égalité homme-femme. Pour ces raisons, j’ai voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[571] ". – I voted against this legislative report. I oppose the EU interfering in third countries’ migration objectives and therefore oppose any proposal that seeks to give the EU more powers to interfere in the affairs of a third country. As this report grants this power, I voted against the report."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[572] ". – UKIP voted against this resolution. UKIP is against EU climate and energy policy and believes that there is not such a thing as man-made climate change."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[573] ". ‒ UKIP voted against this non-legislative and non-binding report. UKIP MEPs do not believe that the European Union should attempt to have any role in facilitating or shaping international rules. Member States, not the unelected EU Commission in Brussels, should have the power of making their own policy decisions with regard to domestic climate policy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[574] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. EU energy and climate policies are profoundly damaging European economy. EU unilateral climate policy is making Europe non-competitive and it is causing a huge loss of jobs and industries. Companies are forced to take radical decisions, moving offshore to defend themselves from bankruptcy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[575] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. UKIP are sceptical about the existence of man-made climate change and believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economy whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[576] "UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. UKIP are sceptical about the existence of man-made climate change and believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economy whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[577] "UKIP have voted against this own-initiative report, as MEPs believe that it is not for the European Union to take action on climate change or to tell Member States how they should implement the outcomes of the COP21 Paris Agreement. Furthermore UKIP MEPs disagree with spending any EU funds on this issue. We have also voted against amendment one as we do not believe that it is the EU’s place to introduce mandatory targets."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[578] "UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report as UKIP questions the entire EU energy and climate policy, which is entirely based on the man—made climate change theory. We reject new legislation coming from Brussels and believe that national parliaments should be free to have legislative autonomy on this subject.\n."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[579] "UKIP voted against this non-legislative non-binding report. UKIP opposes the EU climate—change agenda. Whilst there were many sensitive aspects to this report regarding the vulnerability of women and the exacerbation of violence, sexual exploitation and trafficking, which we want to tackle, we are against more EU action. This report called for gender mainstreaming within climate—change policy and to impose sanctions on those that did not conform to gender quotas. We disagree with the concept of gender quotas and believe in positions based on merit not gender.\nFurthermore, we do not support calls for additional funding. Therefore in light of all the above, we opposed this report."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[580] "UKIP MEPs have voted against this Resolution on 2017 UN Climate Change Conference in Bonn. UKIP deny the Climate Change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the EU Commission. They are the cause of current damaging and counter-productive energy policy. The European Commission continues imposing never-ending objectives for emissions reductions. EU policies are forcing the investment of vast amounts of money into activity that will have little or no effect on climate."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[581] "UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report on land use, land use change and forestry. UKIP rejects the Commission proposal. UKIP denies man—made climate change and believes that CO2 is not a pollutant. New legislation in this field would only bring further bureaucracy and economic damages to this sector. UKIP notes that forestry is not an EU competence."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[582] ". ‒ Although I have concerns in relation to the European Union’s approach towards the environment and climate change, this approach is not likely to achieve the stated aims, largely because it cuts pollution within the EU at the expense of increasing emissions elsewhere. Whilst there are some positive points in this report, I abstained, instead of voting against it, to highlight my concerns for our environment."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[583] "I abstained on this report, as I believe that, post Brexit, an independent UK will have a degree of cooperation on environmental issues, due to simple geography.\nI oppose many of the measures within this report, including the EU’s obsessive attacks against Carbon dioxide, which seems to be there main culprit with their approach to environmental issues."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[584] ". ‒ I voted against this report as it calls for a strong leadership role for the EU, and a stronger role for the Commission and the European External Action Service, focusing on a joint EU effort to set up an EU climate diplomacy strategy equipped with the necessary financial and human resources. I oppose the EU interfering with the policies of Member States and using taxpayer money to fund it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[585] "I believe that this is a matter which should be legislated at national level. Furthermore, given that the UK has voted to leave the European Union, I believe that it would be inappropriate for me to support further EU legislation in this area."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[586] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. UKIP are sceptical about the existence of man-made climate change and believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economy whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[587] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. UKIP are sceptical about the existence of man-made climate change and believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economy whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[588] "UKIP have voted against this own-initiative report, as MEPs believe that it is not for the European Union to take action on climate change or to tell Member States how they should implement the outcomes of the COP21 Paris Agreement. Furthermore UKIP MEPs disagree with spending any EU funds on this issue. We have also voted against amendment one as we do not believe that it is the EU’s place to introduce mandatory targets."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[589] "UKIP voted against this non-legislative non-binding report. UKIP opposes the EU climate—change agenda. Whilst there were many sensitive aspects to this report regarding the vulnerability of women and the exacerbation of violence, sexual exploitation and trafficking, which we want to tackle, we are against more EU action. This report called for gender mainstreaming within climate—change policy and to impose sanctions on those that did not conform to gender quotas. We disagree with the concept of gender quotas and believe in positions based on merit not gender.\nFurthermore, we do not support calls for additional funding. Therefore in light of all the above, we opposed this report."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[590] "UKIP MEPs have voted against this Resolution on 2017 UN Climate Change Conference in Bonn. UKIP deny the Climate Change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the EU Commission. They are the cause of current damaging and counter-productive energy policy. The European Commission continues imposing never-ending objectives for emissions reductions. EU policies are forcing the investment of vast amounts of money into activity that will have little or no effect on climate."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[591] "UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report on land use, land use change and forestry. UKIP rejects the Commission proposal. UKIP denies man—made climate change and believes that CO2 is not a pollutant. New legislation in this field would only bring further bureaucracy and economic damages to this sector. UKIP notes that forestry is not an EU competence."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[592] ". ‒ UKIP voted against this legislative report. The EU seeks to reduce emissions within its borders while forcing energy-intensive industries offshore to jurisdictions with lower emission standards. We in UKIP oppose EU climate and energy policy. We reject climate hysteria and we believe the EU should accept that the Paris Agreement is close to its end."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[593] "Si confermano anche in questa circostanza i forti dubbi rispetto ad uno strumento, quello della COP21, utilizzato in svariate occasioni in modo ipocrita dalle Istituzioni europee.\nVoto negativo."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[594] "Voto negativo. Relazione che vuole aggiungere, tra le altre cose, la categoria dei rifugiati climatici."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[595] "Il regolamento contempla la copertura delle emissioni di CO2 nei settori non ETS. Le quote dovranno essere ridotte secondo obiettivi nazionali vincolanti, seguendo tempistiche calcolate dalla Commissione, per il periodo 2021-2030. Voto negativo, sia per le riserve sulle politiche dell'UE in materia di energia e clima, sia perché nello specifico, questa proposta impatta in modo penalizzante sull'Italia."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[596] ". – UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report on land use, land use change and forestry. UKIP rejects the Commission proposal. UKIP denies man—made climate change and believes that CO2 is not a pollutant. New legislation in this field would only bring further bureaucracy and economic damages to this sector. UKIP notes that forestry is not an EU competence."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[597] "Vote contre: dans l’ensemble, il s’agit rapport très technocratique, dans la lignée des accords de Paris, contraignant et entamant ce qui est une compétence exclusive des États membres. Malgré certains efforts pour ne pas pénaliser par des débits comptables les efforts de gestion durable des forêts, l'ambition de la stratégie climatique européenne reste trop éloignée des intérêts des États, dont la France."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[598] "Vote contre: la vaste chimère des Accords de Paris va s’en trouver confortée, au moment où les USA s’en retirent et laissent un trou budgétaire à combler pour financer le Fonds Vert."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[599] ". ‒ UKIP voted against this non-legislative and non-binding report. UKIP MEPs do not believe that the European Union should attempt to have any role in facilitating or shaping international rules. Member States, not the unelected EU Commission in Brussels, should have the power of making their own policy decisions with regard to domestic climate policy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[600] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. EU energy and climate policies are profoundly damaging European economy. EU unilateral climate policy is making Europe non-competitive and it is causing a huge loss of jobs and industries. Companies are forced to take radical decisions, moving offshore to defend themselves from bankruptcy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[601] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. UKIP are sceptical about the existence of man-made climate change and believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economy whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[602] "UKIP have voted against this own-initiative report, as MEPs believe that it is not for the European Union to take action on climate change or to tell Member States how they should implement the outcomes of the COP21 Paris Agreement. Furthermore UKIP MEPs disagree with spending any EU funds on this issue. We have also voted against amendment one as we do not believe that it is the EU’s place to introduce mandatory targets."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[603] "UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report as UKIP questions the entire EU energy and climate policy, which is entirely based on the man—made climate change theory. We reject new legislation coming from Brussels and believe that national parliaments should be free to have legislative autonomy on this subject.\n."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[604] "UKIP MEPs have voted against this Resolution on 2017 UN Climate Change Conference in Bonn. UKIP deny the Climate Change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the EU Commission. They are the cause of current damaging and counter-productive energy policy. The European Commission continues imposing never-ending objectives for emissions reductions. EU policies are forcing the investment of vast amounts of money into activity that will have little or no effect on climate."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[605] "UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report on land use, land use change and forestry. UKIP rejects the Commission proposal. UKIP denies man—made climate change and believes that CO2 is not a pollutant. New legislation in this field would only bring further bureaucracy and economic damages to this sector. UKIP notes that forestry is not an EU competence."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[606] ". ‒ UKIP voted against this legislative report. The EU seeks to reduce emissions within its borders while forcing energy-intensive industries offshore to jurisdictions with lower emission standards. We in UKIP oppose EU climate and energy policy. We reject climate hysteria and we believe the EU should accept that the Paris Agreement is close to its end."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[607] "J’ai voté pour le rapport relatif aux normes applicables aux émissions de CO2 des véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs. Dans le cadre des objectifs fixés par l’accord de Paris, il convient de réglementer les performances standard du secteur autoroutier afin de parvenir à la réduction des émissions de CO2. En tenant compte des innovations technologiques récentes, ce rapport actualise les exigences techniques applicables à l’industrie automobile. Ces ajustements techniques justifient mon vote positif."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[608] "J’ai voté pour le rapport relatif au programme pour l’environnement et l’action pour le climat. Il s’agit d’un programme de financement pour parvenir à atteindre les objectifs fixés dans l’accord de Paris, à savoir la décarbonation de notre énergie et la transition vers une économie propre. Le programme privilégiera les entreprises et les projets apportant une valeur ajoutée certaine dans le domaine environnemental et éco-énergétique. En outre, le programme comprend une protection et un soutien spécifique pour les régions ultrapériphériques, comme l’Outre-mer français. Toutes ces raisons expliquent que j’ai opté pour le vote de ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[609] "J’ai voté contre le rapport relatif à un réseau européen d’officiers de liaison « immigration ». En effet, il s’agit à travers ce texte de contribuer à légaliser d’une certaine manière l’immigration clandestine tout en prévoyant sa gestion à l’échelle européenne. Toutes ces raisons expliquent mon vote négatif sur ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[610] "J’ai voté contre le rapport relatif à l’établissement d’un programme pour l’environnement et l’action pour le climat (programme « LIFE »). Ce texte instrumentalise l'exigence impérieuse de sauvegarder l'environnement, ainsi que le caractère transnational de cette exigence, pour renforcer l'échelon européen et faire la promotion de l’Union européenne comme étant le niveau le plus efficient et le plus pertinent pour organiser l'action publique en la matière. Ce rapport vise en outre à promouvoir des textes législatifs néfastes comme la stratégie sur les matières plastiques dont j’ai déjà dénoncé les limites. Il alourdit a priori la contribution des États à l'Union puisque l'enveloppe budgétaire de LIFE augmentera. Enfin, ce rapport fait de la Commission le grand gestionnaire de l'enveloppe budgétaire LIFE, ce qui revient à lui donner le droit de disposer de l'argent des nations. Toutes ces raisons expliquent mon vote négatif."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[611] "J’ai voté contre le rapport relatif aux normes applicables aux émissions de CO2 des véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs. Pour atteindre ses objectifs en matière de réduction des émissions de CO2, la Commission a ainsi proposé un train de mesures. Ce projet législatif concerne la détermination de normes d’émissions de CO2 pour les véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs. Il ne m’apparaît pas opportun que la Commission détienne le quasi-monopole de la définition de la politique carbone en Europe. Le texte entend notamment donner à la Commission le pouvoir d’infliger des amendes aux constructeurs nationaux qui ne respectent pas les objectifs de réduction qu’elle a fixés. Un autre problème est l’oubli des territoires non-urbains. Une transition écologique appelle nécessairement et prioritairement à une stratégie de prise en compte des territoires périphériques, grands laissés pour compte de la mondialisation. Ces différentes raisons expliquent mon vote négatif."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[612] "J’ai voté contre le rapport relatif à la diplomatie climatique. Le diagnostic du présent rapport est le bon. Il soulève les bonnes problématiques et invoque les bonnes finalités. Il peut être résumé par trois lignes de force. La première est que le changement climatique est un sujet d’intérêt supérieur, crucial pour l’avenir de l’humanité et impliquant la planète entière. Il appelle, par conséquent, à une coopération internationale. La deuxième est la reconnaissance de la notion d’intersectionnalité. La dernière est que l’Europe a vocation à montrer la voie au monde sur la question climatique. Cependant, la diplomatie climatique appelée de ses vœux par le rapport est une diplomatie menée par l’organe centralisateur qu’est la Commission, en lieu et place des États-Nations européens. Elle bafoue une fonction régalienne fondamentale et historique. Par ailleurs, lorsque le texte invite à augmenter les moyens de la Commission, ceux du Service européen pour l’action extérieure, on peut s’inquiéter d’un renforcement de son pouvoir, autrement dit d’une diminution de leur souveraineté que les Nations financeront, car court, derrière une telle incitation, la perspective d’une augmentation des contributions nationales à l’UE. Ainsi, j’ai voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[613] "J’ai voté contre le rapport sur les émissions de CO2 et la consommation de carburant des véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs. En théorie, je ne peux que saluer un projet qui prône la transparence quant à la question de l’efficience énergétique. Toutefois, le texte fait la part trop belle à la Commission, à laquelle est confié un rôle centralisateur dans la politique de gestion des données. Cette dernière fixerait le champ d’application des obligations en matière de surveillance et de déclaration. Elle agirait comme une police de l’énergie en imposant aux États membres de transmettre des données fiables et disposerait d’un droit de sanction en dernier ressort. Le combat pour la protection de l’environnement et la transparence est nécessaire, mais il ne saurait être acceptable dans une négation des souverainetés nationales. L’action politique pour l’environnement doit se faire dans une coopération entre États respectueuse de leurs prérogatives légitimes."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[614] "J’ai voté contre le rapport relatif aux émissions et absorptions de gaz à effet de serre résultant de l’utilisation des terres dans le cadre d’action pour le climat et l’énergie. Le secteur de l’utilisation et du changement d’affectation des terres et de la foresterie (UTCATF) est une catégorie au sein du cadre comptable de la Convention-cadre des Nations unies sur les changements climatiques pour les émissions de gaz à effet de serre. Les émissions et les absorptions de gaz à effet de serre de ce secteur relèvent actuellement d’obligations internationales au titre du protocole de Kyoto jusqu’en 2020. Le règlement proposé établirait un cadre juridique pour les émissions et les absorptions de gaz à effet de serre du secteur UTCATF à partir de 2021. Le but est que les propriétaires forestiers et les agriculteurs prennent des mesures pour veiller au stockage du carbone dans les forêts et les sols. Concernant les objectifs liés au boisement, le texte prévoit que la Commission puisse recalculer les nouveaux niveaux de référence pour les forêts (si les critères de l’annexe IV ne sont pas respectés) ce qui n’est pas acceptable."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[615] "J’ai voté contre le rapport sur les réductions annuelles contraignantes des émissions de gaz à effet de serre. La proposition de la Commission soumis au Parlement concerne tous les secteurs exclus du champ d’application du système d’échange de quotas d’émission (SEQE), à savoir les transports, les déchets l’environnement bâti ou encore l’agriculture. Elle vise une réduction des émissions de 30 % d’ici 2030 dans ces secteurs. Cette proposition modifiée par la commission ENVI méprise la souveraineté des États, ainsi que les principes de subsidiarité et de libre collaboration, au nom d’objectifs qui ne reposent pas sur des éléments suffisamment tangibles. Le rapport ne prend pas assez en compte ni le potentiel des forêts comme réservoirs de carbone, ni les efforts opérés par l’agriculture depuis 1990 (baisse des émissions de CO2 de 24%), et, en se fixant arbitrairement comme objectif l’horizon 2030, fait l’impasse sur le long terme et la scientificité de ses propositions. Pour toutes ces raisons, j’ai rejeté ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[616] "Je me suis abstenue sur le rapport sur le rôle des régions et des villes de l’UE dans la mise en œuvre de l’accord de Paris de la COP 21 sur le changement climatique. Si ce rapport va dans le bon sens pour ce qui est de la réduction des gaz à effet de serre, il se focalise sur le rôle des régions et des grandes métropoles dans la réalisation de l’accord de Paris. Or, ce texte est un accord international, seul l’État est légitime selon moi, pour décider de la mise en œuvre d’un accord, dont il porte la responsabilité de la signature et de la ratification."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[617] "J’ai voté contre le rapport sur la surveillance et la communication des données relatives aux émissions de CO2 et à la consommation de carburant des véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs.\nAu plus tard le 30 avril 2018, la Commission doit présenter une proposition législative sur les normes relatives aux émissions de CO2 des véhicules lourds pour 2025, conformément aux objectifs climatiques de l'UE.\nLe texte prévoit la surveillance et la communication à la Commission des données sur l'enregistrement de tous les nouveaux poids lourds de l’UE. Le pouvoir d'adopter des actes délégués est donné à la Commission en ce qui concerne la modification de la procédure de notification, mais aussi des essais de vérification sur route et de la détermination des mesures de corrections pour les données communiquées par les États. Malgré de bonnes intentions, ce texte porte atteinte à la souveraineté des États. Il risque en outre de pénaliser les entreprises de transport. Celles-ci, qui subissent déjà de nombreuses normes européennes, auront à subir de nouvelles contraintes sur l'enregistrement de tous les nouveaux poids lourds."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[618] "Je me suis abstenue sur le rapport relatif aux femmes, à l’égalité des genres et à la justice climatique. En effet, ce rapport part du principe que le changement climatique, bien que planétaire, a des conséquences beaucoup plus dévastatrices pour les pays et les communautés moins développés, et donc les moins responsables de ce même changement climatique. Il pose également comme postulat que, à l’intérieur de ces pays et de ces communautés même, les femmes sont particulièrement vulnérables au changement climatique, et en subissent les effets de manière disproportionnée en raison de leur rôle social traditionnel. Selon moi, la lutte contre le changement climatique implique une politique de développement respectueuse de l’environnement et limitant la pollution des espaces naturels, mais n’a pas de rapport direct avec la question, importante elle aussi, de l’égalité entre hommes et femmes."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[619] "J’ai voté contre le rapport relatif à l’accord entre l’Union européenne et la Suisse sur le couplage de leurs systèmes d’échange de quotas d’émission de gaz à effet de serre. Ce texte vise à approuver un accord qui renforce le SEQE de l’UE en y associant un État souverain qui n’est pas membre de l’UE. Bien que la Suisse soit bien évidemment libre de ses choix, ce couplage va conforter l’UE dans sa volonté de se substituer aux diverses instances légitimes et compétentes pour une réduction coordonnée et efficace des émissions au niveau mondial. On peut citer l’Organisation de l’Aviation Civile Internationale (OACI) pour les émissions aériennes ou l’Organisation Maritime Internationale (OMI) pour le secteur maritime. En outre, l’exigence d’une inclusion par la Suisse des émissions du secteur aérien dans son SEQE, sur le modèle des règles du SEQE de l’Union, n’est pas une bonne nouvelle en ce qu’elle renforcera le SEQE au détriment du programme international CORSIA, prévu dans le cadre de l’OACI."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[620] "Je me suis abstenue sur cette résolution car, malgré de bonnes intentions affichées, à savoir limiter le réchauffement climatique et éviter ses conséquences néfastes à long terme, cette résolution manque de pragmatisme et porte des jugements de valeur sur des choix politiques émanant d’États souverains. En outre, ce texte appelle la Commission à faire preuve de leadership par rapport aux États membres. Je ne peux soutenir un texte qui renforce les pouvoirs de la Commission européenne au détriment des États souverains, qui sont pourtant déjà tenus d’agir dans le cadre de l’accord de Paris."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[621] "Il s'agit d'un règlement qui fait peser de lourds risques sur notre filière forestière en considérant avant tout la forêt comme un absorbeur de CO2. Ce faisant, il risque de laisser libre champ à l'importation de produits issus des filières bois extra-européennes dont on ne maîtrise pas les conditions d'exploitation. Aussi, j'ai voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[622] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport qui renforce les contraintes pesant sur les États membres s’agissant des réductions des émissions de gaz à effet de serre. Le texte propose une restriction des flexibilités accordées jusque-là, avec en particulier une diminution des crédits LULUCF/ETS. Ainsi, le texte ne fait aucun cas des efforts considérables déployés par le secteur de l’agriculture depuis 1990, avec notamment une baisse des émissions de CO2 de 24 %. Parmi les autres propositions, notons la création d’une d’enchère écologique et d’une plateforme d’investissements, qui accélérera la financiarisation de ce secteur. Enfin, les niveaux de référence seraient indexés sur le ratio PIB/habitant et non pas PIB/émissions. Ainsi, les États membres les plus prospères seraient pénalisés, alors même qu’ils fournissent déjà les efforts de réduction des émissions les plus conséquents."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[623] "J’ai voté pour le rapport relatif aux normes applicables aux émissions de CO2 des véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs. Dans le cadre des objectifs fixés par l’accord de Paris, il convient de réglementer les performances standard du secteur autoroutier afin de parvenir à la réduction des émissions de CO2. En tenant compte des innovations technologiques récentes, ce rapport actualise les exigences techniques applicables à l’industrie automobile. Ces ajustements techniques justifient mon vote positif."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[624] "J’ai voté pour le rapport relatif au programme pour l’environnement et l’action pour le climat. Il s’agit d’un programme de financement pour parvenir à atteindre les objectifs fixés dans l’accord de Paris, à savoir la décarbonation de notre énergie et la transition vers une économie propre. Le programme privilégiera les entreprises et les projets apportant une valeur ajoutée certaine dans le domaine environnemental et éco-énergétique. En outre, le programme comprend une protection et un soutien spécifique pour les régions ultrapériphériques, comme l’Outre-mer français. Toutes ces raisons expliquent que j’ai opté pour le vote de ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[625] "J’ai voté contre le rapport relatif à un réseau européen d’officiers de liaison « immigration ». En effet, il s’agit à travers ce texte de contribuer à légaliser d’une certaine manière l’immigration clandestine tout en prévoyant sa gestion à l’échelle européenne. Toutes ces raisons expliquent mon vote négatif sur ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[626] "J’ai voté contre le rapport relatif à l’établissement d’un programme pour l’environnement et l’action pour le climat (programme « LIFE »). Ce texte instrumentalise l'exigence impérieuse de sauvegarder l'environnement, ainsi que le caractère transnational de cette exigence, pour renforcer l'échelon européen et faire la promotion de l’Union européenne comme étant le niveau le plus efficient et le plus pertinent pour organiser l'action publique en la matière. Ce rapport vise en outre à promouvoir des textes législatifs néfastes comme la stratégie sur les matières plastiques dont j’ai déjà dénoncé les limites. Il alourdit a priori la contribution des États à l'Union puisque l'enveloppe budgétaire de LIFE augmentera. Enfin, ce rapport fait de la Commission le grand gestionnaire de l'enveloppe budgétaire LIFE, ce qui revient à lui donner le droit de disposer de l'argent des nations. Toutes ces raisons expliquent mon vote négatif."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[627] "J’ai voté contre le rapport relatif aux normes applicables aux émissions de CO2 des véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs. Pour atteindre ses objectifs en matière de réduction des émissions de CO2, la Commission a ainsi proposé un train de mesures. Ce projet législatif concerne la détermination de normes d’émissions de CO2 pour les véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs. Il ne m’apparaît pas opportun que la Commission détienne le quasi-monopole de la définition de la politique carbone en Europe. Le texte entend notamment donner à la Commission le pouvoir d’infliger des amendes aux constructeurs nationaux qui ne respectent pas les objectifs de réduction qu’elle a fixés. Un autre problème est l’oubli des territoires non-urbains. Une transition écologique appelle nécessairement et prioritairement à une stratégie de prise en compte des territoires périphériques, grands laissés pour compte de la mondialisation. Ces différentes raisons expliquent mon vote négatif."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[628] "J’ai voté contre le rapport relatif à la diplomatie climatique. Le diagnostic du présent rapport est le bon. Il soulève les bonnes problématiques et invoque les bonnes finalités. Il peut être résumé par trois lignes de force. La première est que le changement climatique est un sujet d’intérêt supérieur, crucial pour l’avenir de l’humanité et impliquant la planète entière. Il appelle, par conséquent, à une coopération internationale. La deuxième est la reconnaissance de la notion d’intersectionnalité. La dernière est que l’Europe a vocation à montrer la voie au monde sur la question climatique. Cependant, la diplomatie climatique appelée de ses vœux par le rapport est une diplomatie menée par l’organe centralisateur qu’est la Commission, en lieu et place des États-Nations européens. Elle bafoue une fonction régalienne fondamentale et historique. Par ailleurs, lorsque le texte invite à augmenter les moyens de la Commission, ceux du Service européen pour l’action extérieure, on peut s’inquiéter d’un renforcement de son pouvoir, autrement dit d’une diminution de leur souveraineté que les Nations financeront, car court, derrière une telle incitation, la perspective d’une augmentation des contributions nationales à l’UE. Ainsi, j’ai voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[629] "J’ai voté contre le rapport sur les émissions de CO2 et la consommation de carburant des véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs. En théorie, je ne peux que saluer un projet qui prône la transparence quant à la question de l’efficience énergétique. Toutefois, le texte fait la part trop belle à la Commission, à laquelle est confié un rôle centralisateur dans la politique de gestion des données. Cette dernière fixerait le champ d’application des obligations en matière de surveillance et de déclaration. Elle agirait comme une police de l’énergie en imposant aux États membres de transmettre des données fiables et disposerait d’un droit de sanction en dernier ressort. Le combat pour la protection de l’environnement et la transparence est nécessaire, mais il ne saurait être acceptable dans une négation des souverainetés nationales. L’action politique pour l’environnement doit se faire dans une coopération entre États respectueuse de leurs prérogatives légitimes."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[630] "J’ai voté contre le rapport relatif aux émissions et absorptions de gaz à effet de serre résultant de l’utilisation des terres dans le cadre d’action pour le climat et l’énergie. Le secteur de l’utilisation et du changement d’affectation des terres et de la foresterie (UTCATF) est une catégorie au sein du cadre comptable de la Convention-cadre des Nations unies sur les changements climatiques pour les émissions de gaz à effet de serre. Les émissions et les absorptions de gaz à effet de serre de ce secteur relèvent actuellement d’obligations internationales au titre du protocole de Kyoto jusqu’en 2020. Le règlement proposé établirait un cadre juridique pour les émissions et les absorptions de gaz à effet de serre du secteur UTCATF à partir de 2021. Le but est que les propriétaires forestiers et les agriculteurs prennent des mesures pour veiller au stockage du carbone dans les forêts et les sols. Concernant les objectifs liés au boisement, le texte prévoit que la Commission puisse recalculer les nouveaux niveaux de référence pour les forêts (si les critères de l’annexe IV ne sont pas respectés) ce qui n’est pas acceptable."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[631] "J’ai voté contre le rapport sur les réductions annuelles contraignantes des émissions de gaz à effet de serre. La proposition de la Commission soumis au Parlement concerne tous les secteurs exclus du champ d’application du système d’échange de quotas d’émission (SEQE), à savoir les transports, les déchets l’environnement bâti ou encore l’agriculture. Elle vise une réduction des émissions de 30 % d’ici 2030 dans ces secteurs. Cette proposition modifiée par la commission ENVI méprise la souveraineté des États, ainsi que les principes de subsidiarité et de libre collaboration, au nom d’objectifs qui ne reposent pas sur des éléments suffisamment tangibles. Le rapport ne prend pas assez en compte ni le potentiel des forêts comme réservoirs de carbone, ni les efforts opérés par l’agriculture depuis 1990 (baisse des émissions de CO2 de 24%), et, en se fixant arbitrairement comme objectif l’horizon 2030, fait l’impasse sur le long terme et la scientificité de ses propositions. Pour toutes ces raisons, j’ai rejeté ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[632] "Je me suis abstenue sur le rapport sur le rôle des régions et des villes de l’UE dans la mise en œuvre de l’accord de Paris de la COP 21 sur le changement climatique. Si ce rapport va dans le bon sens pour ce qui est de la réduction des gaz à effet de serre, il se focalise sur le rôle des régions et des grandes métropoles dans la réalisation de l’accord de Paris. Or, ce texte est un accord international, seul l’État est légitime selon moi, pour décider de la mise en œuvre d’un accord, dont il porte la responsabilité de la signature et de la ratification."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[633] "J’ai voté contre le rapport sur la surveillance et la communication des données relatives aux émissions de CO2 et à la consommation de carburant des véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs.\nAu plus tard le 30 avril 2018, la Commission doit présenter une proposition législative sur les normes relatives aux émissions de CO2 des véhicules lourds pour 2025, conformément aux objectifs climatiques de l'UE.\nLe texte prévoit la surveillance et la communication à la Commission des données sur l'enregistrement de tous les nouveaux poids lourds de l’UE. Le pouvoir d'adopter des actes délégués est donné à la Commission en ce qui concerne la modification de la procédure de notification, mais aussi des essais de vérification sur route et de la détermination des mesures de corrections pour les données communiquées par les États. Malgré de bonnes intentions, ce texte porte atteinte à la souveraineté des États. Il risque en outre de pénaliser les entreprises de transport. Celles-ci, qui subissent déjà de nombreuses normes européennes, auront à subir de nouvelles contraintes sur l'enregistrement de tous les nouveaux poids lourds."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[634] "Je me suis abstenue sur le rapport relatif aux femmes, à l’égalité des genres et à la justice climatique. En effet, ce rapport part du principe que le changement climatique, bien que planétaire, a des conséquences beaucoup plus dévastatrices pour les pays et les communautés moins développés, et donc les moins responsables de ce même changement climatique. Il pose également comme postulat que, à l’intérieur de ces pays et de ces communautés même, les femmes sont particulièrement vulnérables au changement climatique, et en subissent les effets de manière disproportionnée en raison de leur rôle social traditionnel. Selon moi, la lutte contre le changement climatique implique une politique de développement respectueuse de l’environnement et limitant la pollution des espaces naturels, mais n’a pas de rapport direct avec la question, importante elle aussi, de l’égalité entre hommes et femmes."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[635] "J’ai voté contre le rapport relatif à l’accord entre l’Union européenne et la Suisse sur le couplage de leurs systèmes d’échange de quotas d’émission de gaz à effet de serre. Ce texte vise à approuver un accord qui renforce le SEQE de l’UE en y associant un État souverain qui n’est pas membre de l’UE. Bien que la Suisse soit bien évidemment libre de ses choix, ce couplage va conforter l’UE dans sa volonté de se substituer aux diverses instances légitimes et compétentes pour une réduction coordonnée et efficace des émissions au niveau mondial. On peut citer l’Organisation de l’Aviation Civile Internationale (OACI) pour les émissions aériennes ou l’Organisation Maritime Internationale (OMI) pour le secteur maritime. En outre, l’exigence d’une inclusion par la Suisse des émissions du secteur aérien dans son SEQE, sur le modèle des règles du SEQE de l’Union, n’est pas une bonne nouvelle en ce qu’elle renforcera le SEQE au détriment du programme international CORSIA, prévu dans le cadre de l’OACI."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[636] "Je me suis abstenue sur cette résolution car, malgré de bonnes intentions affichées, à savoir limiter le réchauffement climatique et éviter ses conséquences néfastes à long terme, cette résolution manque de pragmatisme et porte des jugements de valeur sur des choix politiques émanant d’États souverains. En outre, ce texte appelle la Commission à faire preuve de leadership par rapport aux États membres. Je ne peux soutenir un texte qui renforce les pouvoirs de la Commission européenne au détriment des États souverains, qui sont pourtant déjà tenus d’agir dans le cadre de l’accord de Paris."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[637] "Il s'agit d'un règlement qui fait peser de lourds risques sur notre filière forestière en considérant avant tout la forêt comme un absorbeur de CO2. Ce faisant, il risque de laisser libre champ à l'importation de produits issus des filières bois extra-européennes dont on ne maîtrise pas les conditions d'exploitation. Aussi, j'ai voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[638] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport qui renforce les contraintes pesant sur les États membres s’agissant des réductions des émissions de gaz à effet de serre. Le texte propose une restriction des flexibilités accordées jusque-là, avec en particulier une diminution des crédits LULUCF/ETS. Ainsi, le texte ne fait aucun cas des efforts considérables déployés par le secteur de l’agriculture depuis 1990, avec notamment une baisse des émissions de CO2 de 24 %. Parmi les autres propositions, notons la création d’une d’enchère écologique et d’une plateforme d’investissements, qui accélérera la financiarisation de ce secteur. Enfin, les niveaux de référence seraient indexés sur le ratio PIB/habitant et non pas PIB/émissions. Ainsi, les États membres les plus prospères seraient pénalisés, alors même qu’ils fournissent déjà les efforts de réduction des émissions les plus conséquents."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[639] "Η αντιμετώπιση της κλιματικής αλλαγής είναι μία από τις σημαντικότερες παγκόσμιες προκλήσεις και απαιτεί μια φιλόδοξη δράση για το κλίμα. Υπερψηφίζουμε λοιπόν το προτεινόμενο πρόγραμμα LIFE και για την κατάργηση του κανονισμού (ΕΕ) αριθ. 1293/2013, για μια βιώσιμη κυκλική και ανθεκτική στην κλιματική αλλαγή οικονομία με υψηλή ενεργειακή απόδοση, αποδοτικότητα των πόρων και χαμηλές εκπομπές διοξειδίου του άνθρακα, προς όφελος του περιβάλλοντος, προστασίας και ασφάλειας και υγείας των πολιτών της ΕΕ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[640] "Υπερψηφίζουμε, ακόμη και εάν δεν συμφωνούμε με όλες τις τροπολογίες της εκθέσεως αυτής. Συνολικά, θεωρούμε ότι είναι απαραίτητη η προσπάθεια μείωσης των εκπομπών των νέων βαρέων επαγγελματικών οχημάτων με καθορισμό προτύπων επιδόσεων για τις εκπομπές CO2, δεδομένου ότι ήδη το περιβάλλον έχει επιβαρυνθεί σημαντικά και είναι εμφανείς οι επιπτώσεις στην υγεία των πολιτών. Η προστασία του περιβάλλοντος αποτελεί θέμα προτεραιότητας."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[641] "Με την αναγνώριση (και δη τη διεθνή) του «κλιματικού πρόσφυγα» θα διευρύνουμε το ποσοστό των μετακινούμενων ατόμων σε μία Ευρώπη η οποία αδυνατεί να ελέγξει το βάρος των ήδη μετακινούμενων προς αυτήν πληθυσμών."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[642] "Ο κλάδος των μεταφορών οφείλει να συμβάλει στη μείωση των εκπομπών αερίων του θερμοκηπίου για την προστασία του κλίματος και του περιβάλλοντος και, κατ’ επέκταση, της υγείας των ευρωπαίων πολιτών."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[643] "Υπερψηφίζουμε, σε πρώτη ανάγνωση, την έκθεση, καθώς είναι ένα βήμα προς την θετική κατεύθυνση στον τομέα της προστασίας του περιβάλλοντος. Εκφράζουμε όμως τις έντονες ανησυχίες μας για πολλά επιμέρους θέματα, καθώς και την διαφωνία μας με το σύστημα ανταλλαγής εκπομπών διοξειδίου του άνθρακος, μιας και θεωρούμε πως είναι αναποτελεσματικό και έχει κύριο γνώμονα το κέρδος και όχι την προστασία του περιβάλλοντος."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[644] "Υπερψηφίζουμε, διότι η συμμόρφωση με τις επιταγές της συμφωνίας των Παρισίων είναι αναγκαίο προϋπόθεση για την επίτευξη του στόχου της μείωσης των εκπομπών αερίου του θερμοκηπίου, στόχου που συντελεί στην προστασία του περιβάλλοντος. Δεν στρεφόμαστε κατά των μεταφορών ή των βιομηχανιών, οι οποίες είναι αναγκαίες για την ανάπτυξη. Όταν όμως τα συμφέροντα τους είναι αντίθετα και δεν συμβιβάζονται με την προστασία του περιβάλλοντος, τότε υπερτερεί το περιβάλλον και η υγεία των πολιτών."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[645] "Η αδυναμία θέσπισης υποχρεωτικών κανόνων συμμόρφωσης (και συνεπώς και καταστολής) σε περιπτώσεις υπέρβασης των θεσμοθετημένων περιβαλλοντικά ανεκτών ορίων εκπομπών εκ μέρους της ΕΕ μετατρέπει κάθε προτεινόμενο κείμενο σε ενδιαφέρον ευχολόγιο. Οι ραγδαία επιδεινούμενες κλιματικές αλλαγές μάς οδηγούν στο συμπέρασμα ότι θα πρέπει, άμεσα, να προωθηθεί η τιμολόγηση των εκπομπών άνθρακα, να μειωθούν οι επιδοτήσεις των ορυκτών καυσίμων και να προαχθούν η χρήση ανανεώσιμων πηγών ενέργειας και η ενεργειακή απόδοση, με παράλληλη προσοχή στην απασχόληση, ούτως ώστε η ενεργειακή μετάβαση προς την περιβαλλοντικά βιώσιμη ανάπτυξη να είναι και κοινωνικά βιώσιμη."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[646] "Υπερψηφίζουμε διότι η έκθεση αφορά τη μείωση των εκπομπών διοξειδίου του άνθρακα από τα φορτηγά μεταφορών και τη διεξαγωγή διαπραγματεύσεων μεταξύ των θεσμών της Ένωσης προς την κατεύθυνση αυτή. Πάγια θέση μας είναι η συνεχής προσπάθεια προστασίας του περιβάλλοντος και βελτίωσης των συνθηκών διαβίωσης."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[647] "Σαφώς καταδικάζουμε κάθε χρήση βίας κατά των γυναικών, των παιδιών, των ατόμων με αναπηρίες και των λαθρομεταναστών, και θα πρέπει να υπάρχει απόλυτος σεβασμός των ανθρωπίνων δικαιωμάτων όμως καταψηφίζουμε την παρούσα έκθεση καθώς είναι μέρος της Ατζέντας 2030 η οποία προωθεί το παγκόσμιο σύμφωνο για τη μετανάστευση μέσα από την κλιματική δικαιοσύνη περιλαμβάνοντας μάλιστα την κατηγορία των «κλιματικών προσφύγων». Επίσης, στηρίζει τη λήψη αποφάσεων και τις διεθνείς συμφωνίες που σχετίζονται με την ενέργεια στον τομέα της κλιματικής αλλαγής με απώτερο στόχο το κέρδος μέσα από πολιτικές παγκόσμιων επενδύσεων χωρίς φραγμούς λόγω φύλου. Είναι ξεκάθαρο πως γίνεται λόγος για παγκοσμιοποίηση όχι μόνο της οικονομίας αλλά και των κοινωνιών."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[648] "Καταψηφίζουμε το σχέδιο απόφασης του Συμβουλίου για τη σύναψη συμφωνίας μεταξύ της Ευρωπαϊκής Ένωσης και της Ελβετικής Συνομοσπονδίας. Σαφώς η προστασία του κλίματος με μείωση των εκπομπών αερίων θερμοκηπίου θα πρέπει να είναι πρωταρχικός στόχος της Ένωσης, δυστυχώς όμως το συγκεκριμένο σχέδιο με τις εν λόγω δράσεις στηρίζει τους στρατηγικούς στόχους της Ευρωπαϊκής Ένωσης στον τομέα των εξωτερικών σχέσεων, ενισχύει τις εταιρικές σχέσεις με τρίτες χώρες σε όλη την υφήλιο επί σημαντικών ζητημάτων, όπως η κλιματική αλλαγή, το εμπόριο και η ενιαία αγορά."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[649] "Η προστασία του περιβάλλοντος αποτελεί ύψιστη προτεραιότητα για εμάς, όμως δεν μπορεί το Ευρωπαϊκό Κοινοβούλιο, σε μια σχετικά καλή πρόταση ψηφίσματος, να ενσωματώνει ακόμα περισσότερες προβλέψεις υπέρ της λαθρομετανάστευσης. Επιπλέον, η συμπλεγματική στάση εναντίον του Προέδρου των ΗΠΑ, του οποίου οι αποφάσεις αναφέρονται σαν να είναι προσωπικές του και όχι σαν να τις λαμβάνει εκπροσωπώντας την χώρα του, δείχνει απλά την ανεπάρκεια των ευρωπαίων πολιτικών. Δεν μπορούμε να ακολουθήσουμε αυτή την τακτική, ούτε την απροκάλυπτη απόπειρα ανάμειξης στην εσωτερική πολιτική σκηνή τρίτου κράτους."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[650] "Υπερψηφίζουμε, η προστασία του περιβάλλοντος και των δασών είναι ζήτημα υψίστης προτεραιότητος, για το οποίο είμαστε έτοιμοι να αποδεχθούμε ακόμη και τα ελάχιστα σημεία του κειμένου στα οποία εκφράζουμε επιφυλάξεις ή διαφωνίες. Η παρούσα έκθεση είναι ένα μεγάλο βήμα προς τα εμπρός σε αυτήν την κατεύθυνση."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[651] "Σχετικά με τον μηχανισμό παρακολούθησης και υποβολής εκθέσεων σχετικά με τις εκπομπές αερίων θερμοκηπίου και άλλων πληροφοριών, που αφορούν την κλιματική αλλαγή και τις μειώσεις των εκπομπών αερίων θερμοκηπίου, διαπιστώνεται η ανάγκη μέτρων για την αντιμετώπιση των αρνητικών συνεπειών στο περιβάλλον. Η παρούσα έκθεση ζητεί ακόμα μία φορά από την Επιτροπή να υποβάλει εκ νέου την πρόταση, αν την αντικαταστήσει με νέο κείμενο, αν της επιφέρει σημαντικές τροποποιήσεις ή αν προτίθεται να της επιφέρει σημαντικές τροποποιήσεις, όμως οι επιπτώσεις του πλαισίου πολιτικής για το κλίμα και την ενέργεια έως το 2030 και οι ανισορροπίες θα συνεχιστούν και δεν θα αντιμετωπιστούν ικανοποιητικά με την προσαρμογή της γραμμικής πορείας, σε αυστηρότερους στόχους, μέσα στο εν λόγω πλαίσιο."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[652] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. EU energy and climate policies are profoundly damaging European economy. EU unilateral climate policy is making Europe non-competitive and it is causing a huge loss of jobs and industries. Companies are forced to take radical decisions, moving offshore to defend themselves from bankruptcy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[653] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. UKIP are sceptical about the existence of man-made climate change and believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economy whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[654] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. UKIP are sceptical about the existence of man-made climate change and believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economy whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[655] "UKIP have voted against this own-initiative report, as MEPs believe that it is not for the European Union to take action on climate change or to tell Member States how they should implement the outcomes of the COP21 Paris Agreement. Furthermore UKIP MEPs disagree with spending any EU funds on this issue. We have also voted against amendment one as we do not believe that it is the EU’s place to introduce mandatory targets."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[656] "UKIP voted against this non-legislative non-binding report. UKIP opposes the EU climate—change agenda. Whilst there were many sensitive aspects to this report regarding the vulnerability of women and the exacerbation of violence, sexual exploitation and trafficking, which we want to tackle, we are against more EU action. This report called for gender mainstreaming within climate—change policy and to impose sanctions on those that did not conform to gender quotas. We disagree with the concept of gender quotas and believe in positions based on merit not gender.\nFurthermore, we do not support calls for additional funding. Therefore in light of all the above, we opposed this report."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[657] "UKIP MEPs have voted against this Resolution on 2017 UN Climate Change Conference in Bonn. UKIP deny the Climate Change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the EU Commission. They are the cause of current damaging and counter-productive energy policy. The European Commission continues imposing never-ending objectives for emissions reductions. EU policies are forcing the investment of vast amounts of money into activity that will have little or no effect on climate."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[658] "UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report on land use, land use change and forestry. UKIP rejects the Commission proposal. UKIP denies man—made climate change and believes that CO2 is not a pollutant. New legislation in this field would only bring further bureaucracy and economic damages to this sector. UKIP notes that forestry is not an EU competence."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[659] ". – UKIP voted against this legislative report. The EU seeks to reduce emissions within its borders while forcing energy-intensive industries offshore to jurisdictions with lower emission standards. We in UKIP oppose EU climate and energy policy. We reject climate hysteria and we believe the EU should accept that the Paris Agreement is close to its end."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[660] "Vote contre: les États seront privés de la possibilité de compenser leurs émissions grâce au secteur forestier afin de réduire les efforts des secteurs non-ETS, et complaire aux exigences d’organes environnementaux éminemment politiques tels que le GIEC et la CCNUCC, sous le patronage d’une Commission toujours aussi absorbante des souverainetés. Enfin, ce règlement aura pour conséquence une perte significative d’emplois dans le secteur forestier."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[661] "Voto contro in quanto l'adozione dell'accordo COP21 rappresenta una minaccia per l'economia di interi comparti e settori."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[662] "Voto contro, in quanto non trovo vantaggioso questo accordo."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[663] "Voto contro, in quanto questa proposta, ha un impatto sproporzionato e gravemente penalizzante per l'Italia, rispetto ad altri Stati membri."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[664] "Υπερψηφίζω την έκθεση A8-0354/2018, διότι προωθεί τον περιορισμό των εκπομπών ρύπων των βαρέων οχημάτων. Συνεπώς, είναι ένα πολύ θετικό βήμα στην κατεύθυνση της προστασίας του περιβάλλοντος και της υγείας των πολιτών των κρατών μελών της Ευρώπης."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[665] "Υπερψηφίζω την έκθεση, διότι το πρόγραμμα αυτό θα προστατέψει το περιβάλλον της Ευρωπαϊκής Ένωσης· ένα ζήτημα εξόχως σημαντικό."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[666] "Καταψηφίζω την έκθεση, καθώς αποτελεί θέση αρχής ότι η φύλαξη των συνόρων πρέπει εν τέλει να υπόκειται στην κυρίαρχη αρμοδιότητα των κρατών μελών. Είναι ανεπίτρεπτη και μη αποδεκτή η —είτε ευθεία είτε έμμεση— παρέμβαση στα κράτη μέλη, όσον αφορά πρόνοιες της εθνικής νομοθεσίας οι οποίες όχι μόνο δεν άπτονται ενωσιακών αρμοδιοτήτων αλλά, κυρίως, αποτελούν έκφραση του κυριαρχικού δικαιώματος της εφαρμογής της νομιμότητας και εξασφάλισης της δημόσιας τάξης και ασφάλειας και του απαραβίαστου των συνόρων από παρεισφρήσεις προσώπων που δεν διαθέτουν νομίμως τέτοια δυνατότητα και δεν εξουσιοδοτείται η είσοδός τους."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[667] "Η αντιμετώπιση της κλιματικής αλλαγής είναι μία από τις σημαντικότερες παγκόσμιες προκλήσεις και απαιτεί μια φιλόδοξη δράση για το κλίμα. Υπερψηφίζω λοιπόν το προτεινόμενο πρόγραμμα LIFE και την κατάργηση του κανονισμού (ΕΕ) αριθ. 1293/2013, για μια βιώσιμη κυκλική και ανθεκτική στην κλιματική αλλαγή οικονομία με υψηλή ενεργειακή απόδοση, αποδοτικότητα των πόρων και χαμηλές εκπομπές διοξειδίου του άνθρακα, προς όφελος του περιβάλλοντος, της προστασίας, της ασφάλειας και της υγείας των πολιτών της ΕΕ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[668] "Υπερψηφίζω την έκθεση, διότι θεωρώ πως είναι απαραίτητη η προσπάθεια μείωσης των εκπομπών των νέων βαρέων επαγγελματικών οχημάτων με καθορισμό προτύπων επιδόσεων για τις εκπομπές CO2, καθώς το περιβάλλον ήδη έχει επιβαρυνθεί σημαντικά και είναι εμφανείς οι επιπτώσεις στην υγεία των πολιτών. Η προστασία του περιβάλλοντος αποτελεί θέμα προτεραιότητας."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[669] ". – Υπερψηφίζω την έκθεση B8-0477/2018 εφόσον τονίζει τη σημασία μιας φιλόδοξης κλιματικής πολιτικής των κρατών της ΕΕ αλλά και της ΕΕ εν γένει, προκειμένου να λειτουργήσει αυτή ως αξιόπιστος και φερέγγυος εταίρος σε παγκόσμιο επίπεδο."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[670] "Με την αναγνώριση (και δη τη διεθνή) του «κλιματικού πρόσφυγα» θα διευρύνουμε το ποσοστό των μετακινούμενων ατόμων σε μία Ευρώπη, η οποία αδυνατεί να ελέγξει το βάρος των ήδη μετακινούμενων προς αυτήν πληθυσμών."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[671] "Ο κλάδος των μεταφορών οφείλει να συμβάλει στη μείωση των εκπομπών αερίων του θερμοκηπίου για την προστασία του κλίματος και του περιβάλλοντος και, κατ’ επέκταση, της υγείας των ευρωπαίων πολιτών.\nΥπερψηφίζω την παρούσα έκθεση, καθώς συμφωνώ με τον νέο κανονισμό για την πιστοποίηση των νέων βαρέων οχημάτων και με τις δράσεις που η Επιτροπή αποφάσισε να αναλάβει με πλήρη διαφάνεια, έτσι ώστε να παράσχει ασφαλή και ελέγξιμα δεδομένα σχετικά με τις εκπομπές CO2 και την κατανάλωση των βαρέων επαγγελματικών οχημάτων ώστε, με την πάροδο του χρόνου, να καταστεί δυνατό να καθοριστούν πρότυπα για τις εκπομπές CO2 των εν λόγω οχημάτων και να υπάρχει πλήρης έλεγχος, για να αποφευχθούν σκάνδαλα, όπως αυτό που συνέβη παλαιότερα με την Volkswagen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[672] ". – Υπερψηφίζω την σχετική έκθεση σε πρώτη ανάγνωση, διότι αποτελεί βήμα προς την θετική κατεύθυνση στον τομέα της προστασίας του περιβάλλοντος. Εκφράζω όμως τις έντονες ανησυχίες μου για πολλά επιμέρους θέματα, καθώς και τη διαφωνία μου με το σύστημα ανταλλαγής εκπομπών διοξειδίου του άνθρακος, αφού θεωρώ ότι είναι αναποτελεσματικό και ότι ως κύριο γνώμονα έχει το κέρδος και όχι την προστασία του περιβάλλοντος."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[673] "Υπερψηφίζω την σχετική έκθεση, καθώς η συμμόρφωση με τις επιταγές της συμφωνίας των Παρισίων είναι αναγκαία προϋπόθεση για την επίτευξη του στόχου της μείωσης των εκπομπών αερίου του θερμοκηπίου, στόχου που συντελεί στην προστασία του περιβάλλοντος. Δεν στρεφόμαστε κατά των μεταφορών ή των βιομηχανιών, οι οποίες και είναι αναγκαίες για την ανάπτυξη, αλλά όταν τα συμφέροντα τους είναι αντίθετα και δεν συμβιβάζονται με την προστασία του περιβάλλοντος, τότε υπερτερούν το περιβάλλον και η υγεία των πολιτών."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[674] "Η αδυναμία θέσπισης υποχρεωτικών κανόνων συμμόρφωσης (και συνεπώς και καταστολής) σε περιπτώσεις υπέρβασης των θεσμοθετημένων περιβαλλοντικά ανεκτών ορίων εκπομπών εκ μέρους της ΕΕ μετατρέπει κάθε προτεινόμενο κείμενο σε ενδιαφέρον ευχολόγιο. Οι ραγδαία επιδεινούμενες κλιματικές αλλαγές μάς οδηγούν στο συμπέρασμα ότι θα πρέπει, άμεσα, να προωθηθεί η τιμολόγηση των εκπομπών άνθρακα, να μειωθούν οι επιδοτήσεις των ορυκτών καυσίμων και να προαχθούν η χρήση ανανεώσιμων πηγών ενέργειας και η ενεργειακή απόδοση, με παράλληλη προσοχή στην απασχόληση, ούτως ώστε η ενεργειακή μετάβαση προς την περιβαλλοντικά βιώσιμη ανάπτυξη να είναι και κοινωνικά βιώσιμη."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[675] "Υπερψηφίζω την παρούσα έκθεση, διότι αφορά τη μείωση των εκπομπών διοξειδίου του άνθρακα από τα φορτηγά μεταφορών και τη διεξαγωγή διαπραγματεύσεων μεταξύ των θεσμών της Ένωσης προς την κατεύθυνση αυτή. Πάγια θέση μου είναι η συνεχής προσπάθεια προστασίας του περιβάλλοντος και βελτίωσης των συνθηκών διαβίωσης."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[676] "Σαφώς καταδικάζω κάθε χρήση βίας κατά των γυναικών, των παιδιών, των ατόμων με αναπηρίες και των λαθρομεταναστών, και θα πρέπει να υπάρχει απόλυτος σεβασμός των ανθρωπίνων δικαιωμάτων. Όμως, καταψηφίζω την παρούσα έκθεση καθώς είναι μέρος της Ατζέντας 2030 η οποία προωθεί το παγκόσμιο σύμφωνο για τη μετανάστευση μέσα από την κλιματική δικαιοσύνη περιλαμβάνοντας μάλιστα την κατηγορία των «κλιματικών προσφύγων». Επίσης, στηρίζει τη λήψη αποφάσεων και τις διεθνείς συμφωνίες που σχετίζονται με την ενέργεια στον τομέα της κλιματικής αλλαγής, με απώτερο στόχο το κέρδος μέσα από πολιτικές παγκόσμιων επενδύσεων χωρίς φραγμούς λόγω φύλου. Είναι ξεκάθαρο πως γίνεται λόγος για παγκοσμιοποίηση, όχι μόνο της οικονομίας αλλά και των κοινωνιών."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[677] "Καταψηφίζω το σχέδιο απόφασης του Συμβουλίου για τη σύναψη συμφωνίας μεταξύ της Ευρωπαϊκής Ένωσης και της Ελβετικής Συνομοσπονδίας. Σαφώς η προστασία του κλίματος με μείωση των εκπομπών αερίων θερμοκηπίου θα πρέπει να είναι πρωταρχικός στόχος της Ένωσης, δυστυχώς όμως το συγκεκριμένο σχέδιο με τις εν λόγω δράσεις στηρίζει τους στρατηγικούς στόχους της Ευρωπαϊκής Ένωσης στον τομέα των εξωτερικών σχέσεων, ενισχύει τις εταιρικές σχέσεις με τρίτες χώρες σε όλη την υφήλιο επί σημαντικών ζητημάτων, όπως η κλιματική αλλαγή, το εμπόριο και η ενιαία αγορά."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[678] "Καταψηφίζω τη σχετική έκθεση, καθώς θεωρώ ότι η προστασία του περιβάλλοντος αποτελεί ύψιστη προτεραιότητα, όμως δεν μπορεί το Ευρωπαϊκό Κοινοβούλιο, σε μια σχετικά καλή πρόταση ψηφίσματος, να ενσωματώνει ακόμα περισσότερες προβλέψεις υπέρ της λαθρομετανάστευσης. Επιπλέον, η συμπλεγματική στάση εναντίον του Προέδρου των ΗΠΑ, του οποίου οι αποφάσεις αναφέρονται σαν να είναι προσωπικές του και όχι σαν να τις λαμβάνει εκπροσωπώντας τη χώρα του, δείχνει απλά την ανεπάρκεια των ευρωπαίων πολιτικών. Δεν μπορούμε να ακολουθήσουμε αυτή την τακτική, ούτε την απροκάλυπτη απόπειρα ανάμειξης στην εσωτερική πολιτική σκηνή τρίτου κράτους."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[679] "Υπερψηφίζω την έκθεση A8-0262/2017, καθώς η προστασία του περιβάλλοντος και των δασών είναι ζήτημα υψίστης προτεραιότητος, για το οποίο είμαι έτοιμος να αποδεχθώ ακόμη και τα ελάχιστα σημεία του κειμένου στα οποία εκφράζω επιφυλάξεις ή διαφωνίες. Η παρούσα έκθεση είναι ένα μεγάλο βήμα προς τα εμπρός σε αυτήν την κατεύθυνση."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[680] "Σχετικά με τον μηχανισμό παρακολούθησης και υποβολής εκθέσεων σχετικά με τις εκπομπές αερίων θερμοκηπίου και άλλων πληροφοριών που αφορούν την κλιματική αλλαγή και τις μειώσεις των εκπομπών αερίων θερμοκηπίου, διαπιστώνεται η ανάγκη μέτρων για την αντιμετώπιση των αρνητικών συνεπειών στο περιβάλλον. Η παρούσα έκθεση ζητεί ακόμα μία φορά από την Επιτροπή να υποβάλει εκ νέου την πρόταση, αν την αντικαταστήσει με νέο κείμενο, αν της επιφέρει σημαντικές τροποποιήσεις ή αν προτίθεται να της επιφέρει σημαντικές τροποποιήσεις, όμως οι επιπτώσεις του πλαισίου πολιτικής για το κλίμα και την ενέργεια έως το 2030 και οι ανισορροπίες θα συνεχιστούν και δεν θα αντιμετωπιστούν ικανοποιητικά με την προσαρμογή της γραμμικής πορείας σε αυστηρότερους στόχους μέσα στο εν λόγω πλαίσιο. Με βάση λοιπόν την προστασία του περιβάλλοντος και μόνο και την αποτελεσματική αντιμετώπιση της κλιματικής αλλαγής, η οποία θυσιάζεται στον βωμό του πλούτου ορισμένων κρατών, καταψηφίζω τη σχετική έκθεση."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[681] ". ‒ I voted against this report as I disagree with the EU’s expensive and unreliable energy policy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[682] "I voted against this legislative report. I oppose failing EU energy policy and believe that democratically elected national parliaments should legislate on this issue."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[683] ". ‒ According to this report, fight against climate change will apply universally to all, and aim to fight poverty, inequalities and tackle climate change, over the next fifteen years. Land use, land-use change and forestry (LULUCF) is a category within the framework for GHG emissions. It includes the carbon pools of living biomass, dead organic matter and organic soil carbon. Emissions result from land-use change and from deforestation. The rapporteur recognises the huge potential of the sector in terms of climate change mitigation and states that this can only be achieved with robust and credible accounting at EU level for the period 2021-2030. Long-term climate objectives need to also rely on net removals from the LULUCF sector.\nI object the content of this report. I deny the existence of men made climate change and believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economies whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[684] ". ‒ The European Commission proposal for an Effort Sharing Regulation, or ‘Climate Action Regulation implementing the Paris Agreement’, covers about 60 percent of the EU’s greenhouse gas emissions. All sectors that fall outside the scope of the EU Emissions Trading System (EU ETS) are covered by the Regulation, including transport, waste, the built environment and agriculture. The Commission proposal is a welcome first step and aims to deliver, in the covered sectors, 30 percent emission reductions by 2030 compared to 2005 levels. However, several amendments are required in order to better promote long-term predictability, ensure consistency with other policies, in particular the EU’s energy efficiency target, and provide sufficient flexibility and solidarity between Member States. Also the use of existing EU financial instruments in support of the agricultural sector should be improved. The proposal is therefore amended so as to better ensure that the LULUCF flexibility delivers climate benefits and to encourage Member States to use the existing variety of EU financial instruments for the agricultural sector.\nI object the content of this report. I deny the existence of men made climate change and believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economies whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[685] ". – I have voted against this own-initiative report, as I believe that it is not for the European Union to take action on climate change or to tell Member States how they should implement the outcomes of the COP21 Paris Agreement. Furthermore I disagree with spending any EU funds on this issue. I have also voted against amendment one as I do not believe that it is the EU’s place to introduce mandatory targets."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[686] ". – I voted against this non-legislative non-binding report. I oppose the EU climate—change agenda. Whilst there were many sensitive aspects to this report regarding the vulnerability of women and the exacerbation of violence, sexual exploitation and trafficking, which I want to tackle, I am against more EU action. This report called for gender mainstreaming within climate—change policy and to impose sanctions on those that did not conform to gender quotas. I disagree with the concept of gender quotas and believe in positions based on merit not gender. Furthermore, I do not support calls for additional funding. Therefore in light of all the above, I opposed this report."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[687] "I voted against this Resolution on the 2017 UN Climate Change Conference in Bonn. I am sceptical about climate change to the degree supported by green lobbies, often financed by the EU Commission. They are the cause of current damaging and counter-productive energy policy. The European Commission continues imposing never-ending objectives for emissions reductions. EU policies are forcing the investment of vast amounts of money into activity that will have little or no effect on climate."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[688] "I voted against this legislative report on land use, land use change and forestry. I reject the Commission proposal and I deny the phenomenon of man—made climate change. New legislation in this field would only bring further bureaucracy and economic damages to this sector. Further, I note that ‘forestry’ is not an EU competence."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[689] "La Commission se propose, épaulée par le Parlement, d’imposer aux constructeurs de poids lourds de réduire les émissions de CO2 des nouveaux véhicules qu’ils produisent, dans le cadre de sa stratégie pour une mobilité à faibles émissions. Certes, l’objectif est louable. La méthode est en revanche un peu plus problématique, puisqu’elle repose sur le calcul annuel des émissions moyenne de CO2 des véhicules de chaque constructeur, assorti d’un système de « bonifications » et de pénalités. Sauf que les méthodes de calcul proposées ne semblent pas adaptées - elles ne tiennent pas compte par exemple des conditions réelles d’utilisation du véhicule - et que tout cela ne concerne que les constructeurs européens. J’ai voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[690] "Le rapport de M. Zoffoli s’inscrit dans la série de mesures annoncées par la Commission dans sa stratégie pour les transports, dont l’un des principaux objectifs est la réduction des émissions polluantes du secteur. Pour l’instant, il ne s’agit que de recueillir des données sur la consommation en carburant des véhicules lourds, camions, autocars et autobus, et leurs émission de CO2, pour pouvoir à terme fixer des normes contraignantes.\nBien que favorable à moins de pollution routière, j’ai voté contre ce texte. Deux raisons à cela. D’une part, l’exigence de transparence et de publicité de certaines données techniques me paraît excessive, au regard de la protection d’innovations par exemple, et donc de nature à nuire aux constructeurs. D’autre part, la politique de libéralisation de tous les modes de transports menée par la Commission, comme de manière générale les mesures liées au marché unique, me paraissent contradictoires avec les objectifs affichés. Ces politiques induisent en effet des flux de marchandises croissants à travers l’Union et conduisent mécaniquement à privilégier le transport par route, y compris sur de très longues distances, pour des raisons de coût. Un peu de cohérence ne ferait pas de mal, dans ce domaine comme dans d’autres."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[691] "UKIP voted against this legislative report. UKIP MEPs oppose failing EU energy policy and believe that democratically elected national parliaments should legislate on this issue."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[692] "UKIP voted against this resolution. UKIP is against EU meddling in climate and energy policy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[693] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. EU energy and climate policies are profoundly damaging European economy. EU unilateral climate policy is making Europe non-competitive and it is causing a huge loss of jobs and industries. Companies are forced to take radical decisions, moving offshore to defend themselves from bankruptcy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[694] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. UKIP are sceptical about the existence of man-made climate change and believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economy whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[695] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. UKIP are sceptical about the existence of man-made climate change and believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economy whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[696] "UKIP voted against this non-legislative non-binding report. UKIP opposes the EU climate—change agenda. Whilst there were many sensitive aspects to this report regarding the vulnerability of women and the exacerbation of violence, sexual exploitation and trafficking, which we want to tackle, we are against more EU action. This report called for gender mainstreaming within climate—change policy and to impose sanctions on those that did not conform to gender quotas. We disagree with the concept of gender quotas and believe in positions based on merit not gender.\nFurthermore, we do not support calls for additional funding. Therefore in light of all the above, we opposed this report."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[697] "UKIP MEPs have voted against this Resolution on 2017 UN Climate Change Conference in Bonn. UKIP deny the Climate Change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the EU Commission. They are the cause of current damaging and counter-productive energy policy. The European Commission continues imposing never-ending objectives for emissions reductions. EU policies are forcing the investment of vast amounts of money into activity that will have little or no effect on climate."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[698] ". – UKIP voted against this legislative report. The EU seeks to reduce emissions within its borders while forcing energy-intensive industries offshore to jurisdictions with lower emission standards. We in UKIP oppose EU climate and energy policy. We reject climate hysteria and we believe the EU should accept that the Paris Agreement is close to its end."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[699] "Si ce rapport mentionne les intenables et chimériques accords de Paris, il défend aussi la protection des écosystèmes, la santé des citoyens européens, l’augmentation des fonds pour la recherche, la cohérence technique et financière des fonds alloués, la limitation des prérogatives de la Commission (actes délégués), l’équilibre des projets ou encore les bonnes pratiques entre États membres et un surcroît d’implication de leur part. Enfin, la Cour des comptes européenne a dressé un bilan élogieux de la gestion financière de ce programme. J'ai donc voté pour au nom de l'intérêt globalement positif de ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[700] "Je ne conteste pas le bien-fondé d’une coopération internationale sur les questions climatiques, encore faut-il s’accorder sur tous les sujets. Toutefois, les accords de Paris vont venir imposer des normes que d’autres pays ne respecteront pas, entraînant une perte de compétitivité pour nos entreprises car touchant directement notre agriculture, notre industrie et notre secteur énergétique. En outre, la diplomatie climatique ne doit pas être un prétexte pour justifier les migrations qui ne manqueront pas de s’engouffrer dans cette nouvelle brèche offerte à des dizaines de millions de ressortissants de pays tiers."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[701] "La transparence souhaitée par le rapporteur va compromettre le secret des données sensibles notamment à l’égard de constructeurs non européens. De plus, si la proposition initiale prévoyait un mécanisme de vérification de la fiabilité des données, le rapport final confère à la Commission un pouvoir de sanction au travers de la possibilité offerte pour cette dernière d’infliger des amendes administratives directement aux constructeurs, ce qui apparaît contraire au principe de subsidiarité auquel nous sommes attachés et une source de financement propre de l’Union. Enfin, le rapport permet la diffusion d’informations qui ne sont pourtant pas nécessaires au fonctionnement de l’outil de calcul de la consommation énergétique des véhicules (VECTO). Une pareille divulgation de données est de nature à compromettre les innovations effectuées par les constructeurs européens au profit des concurrents extra-européens. Pour l’ensemble de ces raisons, j’ai voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[702] "Il s’agit d'un rapport très technocratique, dans la lignée des accords de Paris, contraignant et entamant ce qui est une compétence exclusive des États membres, avec la bénédiction de nos dirigeants. Malgré certains efforts pour ne pas pénaliser par des débits comptables les efforts de gestion durable des forêts, l'ambition de la stratégie climatique européenne reste trop éloignée des intérêts des États, dont la France."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[703] "Ce rapport fixe une sorte de «budget carbone», des plafonds d’émissions annuels, dans l’espoir de réduire de 1,5°C le réchauffement climatique par une réduction des émissions de gaz à effet de serre. Le texte de compromis est plus ambitieux encore que la proposition initiale de la Commission, il faudra toutefois s’attendre à une possible redéfinition des objectifs en raison du Brexit. Alors même que les USA se retirent des Accords de Paris et laissent un trou béant budgétaire à combler pour financer le Fonds Vert et autres lubies vertes, ce rapport vise à faire passer l’écologisme avant les intérêts des États membres et de l’UE. J’ai donc voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[704] "Selon ce rapport fourre-tout placé sous la bannière de la lutte homme-femme, les femmes seraient plus vulnérables que les hommes au changement climatique. Au-delà de certaines considérations louables et soutenables comme la lutte contre les accords de libre-échange, la promotion de la production et de la consommation locales, ou la pollution Nord-Sud, on ne peut cautionner une hiérarchisation des victimes. En outre, il serait suicidaire de vouloir remédier aux migrations climatiques en mettant en place des canaux régularisés et réguliers."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[705] "Ce règlement fait peser de lourds risques sur notre filière forestière en considérant avant tout la forêt comme un absorbeur de CO2 et non comme un potentiel économique, sachant que la surface forestière augmente en Europe. Ce faisant, il risque de laisser le champ libre à l’importation de produits issus des filières bois extra-européennes dont on ne maîtrise pas les conditions d’exploitation et qui pénaliseront les investisseurs de l’industrie forestière, ainsi que les emplois du secteur. Enfin, la gestion des forêts est et doit demeurer une compétence exclusive des États membres, ces derniers ayant toute liberté de jouir de leurs ressources, dans des limites environnementales acceptables toutefois. J’ai donc voté contre. "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[706] "Afin de respecter à tout prix l’accord de Paris dont les États-Unis viennent de se retirer en lui laissant par conséquent peu d’avenir, ce règlement veut imposer aux États européens la réduction contraignante des émissions de gaz à effet comme la seule vraie solution au problème du réchauffement climatique. À l’aune d’une idéologie écologiste exacerbée, sa mise en œuvre aura des conséquences néfastes sur notre compétitivité, notre subsidiarité et notre crédibilité, en plus de ne pas tenir assez compte du potentiel des forêts européennes comme réservoirs de carbone et des progrès accomplis dans le secteur agricole depuis des années.\nJ’ai voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[707] ". ‒ I voted against.\nThe EU’s climate & energy policy has been an unmitigated disaster.\nI cannot support anything that allows such a policy to continue without any form of evaluation or rethink."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[708] "I abstained on this vote.\nAir Quality is now a major issue in the UK but this EU aspect of EU CO2 emissions policy is unreasonable, too short-termist and seriously ill directed.\nTargeting vocational vehicles is unjustifiable given the community good they deliver.\nI support the concept of reducing air pollutants in principle but not via EU regulation which is easily cheated, as Dieselgate has proved."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[709] "J’ai voté contre ce texte qui entend sanctionner les constructeurs de poids-lourds, ce qui ne sera pas sans conséquences sur le prix des véhicules neufs pour les professionnels du transport routier.\n "                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[710] "Je me suis opposée à ce dossier dans la mesure où la lutte contre le changement climatique, telle que mise en œuvre à travers l’Accord de Paris, est une évidente chimère aux dépenses somptuaires. Il s’agit d’un levier destiné à contourner les décisions nationales souveraines et qui prépare de facto l’avènement d’une nouvelle immigration, celle des réfugiés climatiques."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[711] "Là encore, sous prétexte de changement climatique, ce rapport donne à l’Union européenne de nouvelles prérogatives (politique urbaine et aménagement du territoire), réduisant d’autant les politiques qui relèvent normalement des compétences exclusives des États membres. Enfin, cette démarche est forcément accompagnée par la demande d’une augmentation du budget.\nJ’ai voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[712] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport. Si certains points sont à soulever, comme la promotion de la production et de la consommation locale ou la prise de mesures nécessaires pour éviter les dégâts dans les régions sous-développées, et donc les migrations, les constats et solutions vont encore une fois dans le mauvais sens. Par exemple la protection des routes de migrations risquerait de provoquer une pompe aspirante vers nos pays. Et la logique même de ce rapport qui cherche à hiérarchiser les victimes des changements climatiques en fonction de leur sexe est aberrante. Toutes les populations sont touchées, sans distinction possible. Il y a de bons constats, mais de mauvaises solutions."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[713] "Le système SEQE (Système d’Échange de Quotas d’Émissions) est largement critiquable en raison de son faible rôle dans la décarbonation et d’une mauvaise gestion des prix, qui mériteraient d’être rehaussés pour inciter aux réformes écologiques. Mais si la Suisse souhaite adhérer au SEQE, c’est son choix souverain et il doit être respecté. Je me suis donc abstenue."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[714] "Die ausverhandelten Ziele sind weitaus besser als die vom Berichterstatter vorgeschlagenen. Ab 2025 soll der CO2-Ausstoß von neuen LKW und Bussen um durchschnittlich 15 % gesenkt werden, ab 2030 soll der CO2-Ausstoß dann um 30 % gesenkt werden. Dies ist Teil der Anstrengungen zur Dekarbonisierung des Straßenverkehrssektors."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[715] "Trotz der Bedeutung einer nachhaltigen Entwicklung und des Artenschutzes steht das Aufstocken des Budgets auf 5,45 Mrd. EUR zu Lasten der Mitgliedstaaten in keinem Verhältnis."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[716] "Artenschutz und Nachhaltigkeit sind zweifellos von größter Bedeutung. Da die Budgetaufstockung auf 5,45 Mrd. EUR jedoch in keinem Verhältnis zu den LIFE-Mitteln, zum Pariser Abkommen und dem ETS steht, habe ich mich bei diesem Bericht enthalten."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[717] "Der Bericht setzt unrealistische Zielvorgaben und basiert auf einer unzureichenden Datenbasis. Er ist wirtschaftlich nicht vernünftig umsetzbar."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[718] "Der Bericht stellt fest, dass ein Mangel an Ressourcen aufgrund des Klimawandels politische und wirtschaftliche Konflikte verursachen kann. Dieser Behauptung kann ich zwar folgen, doch ist der im Bericht vorgeschlagene Lösungsansatz, einer solchen Entwicklung mit einem Zertifikatehandel gegensteuern zu wollen, zweifelsohne nicht zielführend. Ich habe mich bei diesem Bericht enthalten."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[719] "Ich habe für diesen Bericht gestimmt. Ich begrüße die Festlegung der Normen für CO2-Emissionen schwerer Nutzfahrzeuge. Ich stimme dem Berichterstatter zu, den Bericht noch transparenter zu machen und den Unterschied zwischen Zertifizierung und Überwachung des Schwertransports deutlich zu machen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[720] "Ich habe mich bei diesem Bericht enthalten. Ich betrachte den Zweck der Änderungen des Klima- und Energierahmens als begrüßenswert, aber es lässt den Mitgliedstaaten zu wenig Unabhängigkeit."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[721] "Ich habe mich bei diesem Bericht enthalten. Obwohl ich die Ziele des Pariser Übereinkommens unterstütze und die Dekarbonisierung der Gesellschaft begrüße, sollte dies meines Erachtens weiterhin Sache der Mitgliedstaaten sein."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[722] "Ich habe gegen den vorliegenden Bericht gestimmt. Wirksame Klimapolitik sollte die wichtigsten Faktoren herausarbeiten und diese mit entsprechenden Priorisierungen angehen. Eine Priorisierung von Genderperspektiven wird jedoch den Klimawandel nicht stoppen. Ebenfalls werden Frauen im Bericht als „umweltfreundlicher“ hervorgehoben."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[723] "Ich habe für diesen Bericht gestimmt, denn eine Zusammenlegung des ETS mit dem Schweizer Emissionshandelssystem ist begrüßenswert, da es gleiche Bedingungen für Handelspartner in unmittelbarer Nähe und somit faire Wettbewerbsbedingungen schafft."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[724] "Ich habe mich in diesem Bericht enthalten. Die Einbeziehung des LULUCF-Sektors in die Klimaschutzpolitik der Europäischen Union ab 2021 ist ein begrüßenswerter Bestandteil für eine zukunftsorientierte Klimapolitik. Aber um den LULUCF-Sektor im Vergleich zu den anderen Sektoren im laufenden europäischen Klimaschutzprozess nicht zu benachteiligen, müssen Vorleistungen angerechnet, ein klarer Unterschied zwischen fossilen und biogenen Treibhausgasen gemacht und der Substitutionseffekt von Bioenergie anerkannt werden."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[725] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport car il prévoit d’imposer des objectifs contraignants et des sanctions auprès des constructeurs en matière de réduction des émissions de CO2 des véhicules lourds alors que le modèle de calcul des émissions retenu ne permet pas de tenir compte, avec réalisme, des paramètres liés aux conditions réelles d’utilisation du véhicule selon la typologie du transport pour lequel il est mis en circulation et exploité par l’utilisateur final."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[726] "J’ai voté pour ce rapport car il défend la protection des écosystèmes, la santé des citoyens européens, l’augmentation des fonds pour la recherche, la cohérence technique et financière des fonds alloués, la limitation des prérogatives de la Commission, l’équilibre des projets ou encore les bonnes pratiques entre États membres."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[727] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport car il désire créer plus de voies légales d’immigration, faciliter le regroupement familial des migrants et compliquer leur retour dans leurs pays d’origine."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[728] "J’ai voté pour ce rapport car il défend la protection des écosystèmes, la santé des citoyens européens, l’augmentation des fonds pour la recherche, la cohérence technique et financière des fonds alloués, la limitation des prérogatives de la Commission (actes délégués) et l’équilibre des projets environnementaux."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[729] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport car il prévoit d’imposer des objectifs contraignants et des sanctions aux constructeurs en matière de réduction des émissions de CO2 des véhicules lourds alors qu’aucun modèle de calcul des émissions ne permet pour l’instant de tenir compte, avec réalisme, des paramètres liés aux conditions réelles d’utilisation du véhicule selon la typologie du transport pour lequel il est mis en circulation et exploité par l’utilisateur final."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[730] "J’ai voté contre cette résolution car elle propage un discours alarmiste qui cherche à préparer l’opinion publique à l’avènement d’une nouvelle immigration, celle des réfugiés climatiques que l’Union européenne se prépare déjà à accueillir!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[731] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport car le changement climatique ne doit pas être un prétexte à de nouvelles migrations."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[732] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport car la transparence dans la communication des données est de nature à compromettre le secret des données sensibles. En outre, le pouvoir de sanction confié à la Commission européenne au travers des amendes administratives est contraire au principe de subsidiarité."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[733] "Cette proposition vise à intégrer la gestion forestière dans la lutte contre le réchauffement climatique. L'ENF a voté contre car elle est basée sur des faits scientifiques discutables (les vieux arbres n'absorberaient plus de CO2 et seraient donc bons à abattre pour ne laisser place qu'à de jeunes pousses plantées en rang d'oignons). Elle risque en outre de mettre en péril notre patrimoine forestier et paysager. Enfin, elle empiète largement sur les compétences des États membres."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[734] "Le FN a voté contre ce rapport car dans un contexte mondial qui met en péril l'Accord de Paris, ce règlement porte atteinte une fois de plus à notre compétitivité avec des effets contre-productifs à long terme."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[735] ". – J’ai voté contre ce rapport car il prend prétexte du changement climatique pour : - intensifier les relations entre l’UE et les autorités locales ; - octroyer à l’UE des prérogatives qui relèvent des compétences exclusives des États membres (politique urbaine et aménagement du territoire) ; - et demander une hausse du budget alloué à la politique de cohésion."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[736] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport car il est immigrationniste. Les solutions qu’il prône sont dangereuses : création de routes migratoires sûres et légales, accueil toujours plus important de réfugiés au nom des droits de l’homme, etc. De plus, un système de quotas de femmes est évoqué, ainsi que la création de postes d’experts pour les questions de « genres », délire auquel je m’oppose."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[737] "L’accord ici mis aux voix pour faire un marché commun avec le système ETS suisse est un non-sens mais c’est le choix d’un pays souverain. C’est pourquoi je m’abstiens."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[738] "J’ai voté contre cette résolution car elle appelle l’Union européenne à être le bon élève climatique, tant dans ses politiques que dans sa contribution financière, en allant plus loin que l’accord de Paris."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[739] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport car il fait peser de lourds risques sur notre filière forestière en considérant avant tout la forêt comme un absorbeur de CO2.\nCe faisant, il risque de laisser libre champ à l’importation de produits issus des filières bois extra-européennes dont on ne maîtrise pas les conditions d’exploitation."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[740] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport car sous prétexte de respecter les accords de Paris (que les États-Unis viennent de quitter et qui n’ont donc plus de sens), il veut imposer en Europe la réduction des émissions de gaz à effet de serre comme solution ultime au problème du réchauffement climatique."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[741] "Si ce rapport mentionne les accords de Paris, il défend aussi la protection des écosystèmes, la santé des citoyens européens, l'augmentation des fonds pour la recherche, la cohérence technique et financière des fonds alloués, etc.\nPour toutes ces raisons, j'ai voté en faveur de ce rapport qui bénéficie d'un bilan élogieux dressé par la Cour des comptes européennes."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[742] "J'ai voté contre ce rapport qui prévoit d'imposer des objectifs contraignants et des sanctions auprès des constructeurs de véhicules lourds en matière de réduction des émissions de CO2, alors qu'aucun modèle de calcul ne permet de tenir compte avec réalisme de ce qu'il en est vraiment."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[743] "J’ai voté contre ce texte dans la mesure où la lutte contre le changement climatique telle qu’envisagée actuellement est utopique. Le Fonds vert est en réalité un tiers-mondisme qui va coûter 100 milliards de dollars à l’Occident – c’est-à-dire majoritairement à l’Union européenne, puisque les États-Unis se sont retirés des Accords de Paris.\nPar ailleurs, en plus de la diplomatie parallèle via les ONG et autres institutions internationales, une nouvelle catégorie d’immigration est en cours de création, celle des «réfugiés climatiques». «Réfugiés» que l’Union européenne s’empresse d’accueillir par anticipation."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[744] "J'ai voté contre ce rapport. En effet, sous prétexte de lutter contre le changement climatique, ce texte entend favoriser l'influence de l'UE sur les collectivités locales au détriment de l'échelon national.\nIl donne à l'UE des compétences qui sont du ressort des États membres, notamment en matière de politique urbaine et d'aménagement du territoire.\nEnfin, ce texte demande l'augmentation du budget de la politique de cohésion alors que dans un contexte de Brexit, c'est vers une baisse des budgets que l'UE doit s'orienter."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[745] "J’ai voté contre le texte qui propose la communication, par les fabricants de véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs, des données relatives aux émissions de CO2 et à la consommation de carburant sur leurs produits.\nCe texte, qui donne à la Commission le pouvoir de tenir un registre européen central, impose de nouvelles contraintes aux États souverains (surveillance et communication des données) et met en danger les données privées et sensibles de certains constructeurs, face à la concurrence.\nLa défense de l’environnement doit se faire par une réelle transition économique, tournée vers les circuits courts, non par une écologie punitive, meilleure alliée de la mondialisation effrénée et meilleure ennemie des automobilistes, des entreprises et des citoyens."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[746] "Désormais, tout est sujet au sexisme. Dans ce présent rapport, le changement climatique serait en partie dû à une inégalité entre les hommes et les femmes. Au nom d’une prétendue justice climatique, un certain nombre de mesures toutes plus irrationnelles les unes que les autres sont prises. Entre demande de protections spéciales pour les femmes migrantes et création de postes pour l’égalité des sexes et le climat, la folie égalitariste et immigrationniste n’est pas prête de s’arrêter.\nParce que je refuse les quotas ou toutes discriminations positives qui réduisent les femmes à leur sexe, j’ai voté contre ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[747] "J’ai voté en défaveur de ce texte dans lequel l’Union européenne cherche à se substituer à l’action des États membres. Cette résolution appelle à aller plus loin que les accords de Paris alors même que ces derniers, avec notamment le retrait des États-Unis, seront déjà difficiles à tenir, en particulier en termes financiers. Ce texte donne également trop d’importance aux acteurs non étatiques."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[748] "Je suis défavorable à ce texte car je souhaite que les États membres restent souverains dans le domaine des politiques forestières et qu'ils puissent exploiter raisonnablement mais librement leurs ressources.\nEn considérant l'ensemble de nos forêts comme un absorbeur de CO2 et leur exploitation comme une émission, ce réglement menace l'avenir de notre fillière forestière et favorisera l'importation de bois extra-européens dont nous connaissons mal les conditions d'exploitation. Le résultat sera davantage de pollution et la destruction d'emplois dans la fillière bois française."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[749] "Contre: D’une part, ce rapport vise à octroyer à l’Union européenne de nouvelles prérogatives comme la politique urbaine et l’aménagement du territoire. Politiques qui relèvent pourtant des compétences exclusives des États membres. D’autre part, ce rapport appelle à augmenter le budget alloué à la politique de cohésion et à accroitre la part de financement affectée aux thématiques environnementales."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[750] "Le programme pour l’environnement et l’action pour le climat (LIFE) est le principal cadre de financement de l’UE pour les politiques environnementales. Ce rapport mentionne les intenables et chimériques accords de Paris, défend la protection des écosystèmes, la santé des citoyens, l’augmentation des fonds pour la recherche… etc. Il faut ajouter à cette palette de mesures que les pouvoirs de la Commission seront plus encadrés et que la Cour des comptes européenne a dressé un bilan élogieux de la gestion de ce programme. J’ai donc voté pour."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[751] "Les officiers de liaison immigration sont déployés dans les pays tiers par les États membres et par l’UE afin d’établir et de maintenir des contacts avec les autorités du pays sur les questions migratoires. On compte aujourd’hui 500 officiers de liaison dans 100 pays. Ce rapport modifie les règles relatives à ce dispositif. La proposition du Parlement nuit à ce dispositif efficace, en mettant l’accent sur la promotion de l’immigration : remplacement de la migration irrégulière par des voies légales, refus de faire pression sur les pays tiers pour qu’ils rappellent leurs ressortissants, promotion des droits de l’homme pour justifier le refus des retours, visas humanitaires, regroupement familial, démarche « sexospécifique ». J’ai voté contre ces propositions idéologiques et dangereuses."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[752] "Le programme pour l’environnement et le climat (LIFE) est le principal cadre de financement de l’Union pour les politiques liées à l’environnement et au changement climatique. Son budget s’élève à 3,4 milliards d’euros pour la période 2014-2020, et reste, selon la Cour des comptes européenne, parmi les mieux gérés des organismes de l’Union européenne. Cette proposition soutient la participation d’acteurs diversifiés au programme: ONG, société civile, États tiers, etc. Elle défend la protection des écosystèmes, la santé des citoyens, l’augmentation des fonds pour la recherche, l’équilibre des projets, et l’augmentation de la participation des États membres. Nous ne pouvons que soutenir de tels objectifs, réalistes et utiles pour l’avenir. J’ai donc voté en faveur de ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[753] "Ce texte vise à établir des normes de performance en matière d’émission de CO2 pour les nouveaux véhicules lourds. Il s’inscrit dans la stratégie européenne pour une mobilité à faibles émissions, qui ambitionne de parvenir à des émissions de gaz à effet de serre 60% inférieures en 2050 par rapport à 1990. Les services de transport par camion sont en effet à l’origine d’une part non négligeable de ces pollutions. Pourtant, la proposition ne peut, en l’état, être soutenue. En effet, celle-ci tente de démontrer la nécessité d’adopter des objectifs chiffrés ambitieux pour les imposer aux constructeurs, alors qu’aucun modèle de calcul des émissions de CO2 ne s’est jusqu’alors révélé fiable. De plus, le système de crédits/dettes d’émission, permettant de sanctionner les constructeurs en cas de non atteinte des objectifs, est un système défavorable pour toute notre industrie européenne, et aura des conséquences considérables sur le prix des véhicules neufs pour les professionnels du transport routier. J’ai donc voté contre la proposition."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[754] "La lutte contre le changement climatique, telle que mise en œuvre par l’Accord de Paris est inutile et coûteuse. Elle conduira à un transfert permanent de richesses (100 milliards de dollars) de l’Occident vers le reste du monde, afin de soutenir les efforts environnementaux des pays en développement. Les États-Unis s’étant retirés de l’accord, il sera très difficile pour les pays restant de mobiliser une telle somme. Cela marque la victoire de la mondialisation culpabilisatrice, aux mains d’institutions éminemment politiques, telles que les Nations unies, sur le climat, et des organisations non étatiques. Ces dernières ont désormais toute liberté pour s’ingérer dans les affaires intérieures et diplomatiques des États souverains et contourner les décisions nationales. Il est également à souligner qu’un «Plan d’action pour l’égalité des sexes» n’a pas sa place dans un rapport sur le climat, et ne sert qu’à montrer, si besoin était, le caractère politique de telles propositions. J’ai évidemment voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[755] "Ce rapport place l’Union européenne dans le rôle de leader de la diplomatie climatique et appelle à la mise en œuvre des accords de Paris. Il préconise que les dépenses en faveur du climat soient augmentées et qu’une coopération internationale soit effectivement mise en place. Certains secteurs sont pointés du doigt comme devant faire plus d’effort de transition vers une économie zéro-carbone: agriculture, industrie, énergie, transports. Bien que la coopération mondiale en matière de lutte contre les changements climatique soit une nécessité, les accords de Paris vont imposer des normes que les pays tiers ne respecteront pas. Une fois de plus nos entreprises souffriront d’une perte de compétitivité et l’agriculture sera particulièrement impactée. J’ai donc voté CONTRE ce texte, dangereux pour notre secteur agricole."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[756] "L’Union européenne s’est engagée à réduire de 40% ses émissions de gaz à effet de serre d’ici 2030. Cette proposition s’inscrit dans cet objectif en mettant en place un système de surveillance et de communication des données relatives au CO2 et à la consommation de carburant des véhicules utilitaires. Le texte impose des obligations aux États membres concernant cette surveillance ainsi qu’aux constructeurs automobiles pour la communication de leurs données. Ces préconisations ont été justement critiquées pour leurs dangereuses ingérences dans les affaires des industriels du secteur. En effet, cette transparence compromet le secret de données sensibles obtenues souvent au prix d’importants investissements. De plus, la Commission dispose d’un rôle essentiel dans ce mécanisme et peut notamment imposer des sanctions directes aux constructeurs. Si la transparence est un objectif que nous avons toujours soutenu, la mise en danger du secteur automobile par la diffusion d’informations, parfois non nécessaires à la surveillance, est insupportable. J’ai donc voté CONTRE ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[757] "Ce projet concerne la réglementation de l’usage des terres agricoles et forestières et s’inscrit dans la continuité de l’accord de Paris (suite à la COP 21). Les États membres devront préserver une certaine quantité de sol, pouvant absorber le carbone qu’il produit et ainsi réduire ses émissions de gaz à effet de serre. Si l’objectif est a priori louable, il ne correspond pas à la réalité de la nécessité de conservation de nos terres boisées. Il permettra en réalité de prélever plus de bois alors que celui est essentiel pour maintenir les puits de carbone. Critiqué par beaucoup d’ONG, sa complexité technocratique en fait un texte une fois de plus difficile à appliquer. Il empiète sur la compétence des États pour ce qui est de la gestion foncière, ce qui constitue pour nous une ligne rouge. J’ai donc voté contre ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[758] "Ce rapport vise à mettre en œuvre les engagements climatiques de l’Union européenne, afin d’atteindre une réduction de 30 % des émissions de gaz à effet de serre. Un règlement fixe un plafond d’émissions annuelles qu’un État ne peut dépasser. Un grand «marché du carbone» est ainsi créé et les États disposeront de flexibilité dans leurs émissions. Ce marché n’apportera rien à l’ambition de réduction des gaz à effet de serre. L’UE doit pouvoir atteindre ses objectifs climatiques en 2030 par des politiques d’efficacité énergétiques et de développement des énergies renouvelables. Il ne s’agit pas ici de tendre vers une solution au réchauffement mais de faire passer une écologie punitive et inutile avant les intérêts des États membres. J’ai donc voté contre ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[759] "Ce rapport vise, sous le prétexte du changement climatique, à renforcer les relations directes de l’Union européenne avec les autorités locales. De plus, le texte donne de nouvelles prérogatives à l’Union européenne telles que la politique urbaine ou bien encore l’aménagement du territoire alors que celles-ci relèvent exclusivement des États membres. J’ai donc voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[760] "Ce rapport vise à relier deux concepts actuellement à la mode, à savoir l’égalité des sexes et les changements climatiques.\nLe rapport fait état des conséquences du changement climatique pour les pays qui polluent peu et qui entraînent plus de pauvreté, de conflits et des migrations. Il est aussi fait référence à la mise en place de coopération entre les États européens pour aider les pays victimes de ces changements, ce que je défends avec mes collègues députés.\nCependant, les solutions proposées sont à l’opposé de ce que nous préconisons. Par exemple, il est proposé de créer des filières sûres et régularisées de migration ou bien encore la création d’une protection spéciale pour les femmes migrantes.\nPar ailleurs, le rapport tend à hiérarchiser les victimes des changements climatiques en distinguant les Femmes des Hommes. Les conséquences du changement climatique sont ici utilisées comme un prétexte idéologique pour la lutte pour l’égalité Homme-Femme. J’ai donc voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[761] "Dans le cadre du paquet «Climat 2030» et de l’accord de Paris, l’Union européenne multiplie les mesures idéologiques pour préserver l’environnement, sacrifiant de ce fait bon sens et pragmatisme. Ainsi, le texte propose de réduire l’apport du secteur forestier en excluant l’afforestation, tout en rendant obligatoire la gestion des zones humides et la prise en compte des produits ligneux uniquement comme source d’émission de carbone. Il empêchera donc les États de compenser leurs émissions grâce au secteur forestier et de gérer leurs propres ressources. Les emplois, les investissements seront pris en tenaille par des normes inadaptées. Fort de ce constat, je demande à la Commission de cesser de violer la souveraineté des États membres et de prétendre agir pour la planète en imposant des règles insensées. Je vote donc contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[762] "J’ai voté POUR ce texte.\nSi ce rapport mentionne les intenables et chimériques accords de Paris, il défend aussi la protection des écosystèmes, la santé des citoyens européens, l’augmentation des fonds pour la recherche, la cohérence technique et financière des fonds alloués (3,4 milliards d’euros pour la période 2014-2020), la limitation des prérogatives de la Commission (actes délégués), l’équilibre des projets ou encore les bonnes pratiques entre États membres et un surcroît d’implication de leur part.\nEnfin, la Cour des comptes européenne a dressé un bilan élogieux de la gestion financière de ce programme."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[763] "J’ai voté contre ce texte.\nCe texte a pour objectif d’établir des normes de performance en matière d’émissions de CO2 pour les nouveaux véhicules lourds. Il souhaite appliquer un système «de crédits et de dettes d’émissions» imputables aux constructeurs, accompagné de pénalités financières en cas de niveau d’émissions excédentaires et de non atteinte des objectifs : il s’agit là d’une sanction à la totale défaveur de l’industrie poids-lourds pour l’ensemble des constructeurs européens et qui ne sera pas sans conséquences sur le prix des véhicules neufs pour les professionnels du transport routier."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[764] "J’ai voté contre ce texte.\nBien que la nécessité d’une coopération internationale en matière de lutte contre les changements climatiques ne soit pas contestable, les Accords de Paris vont imposer des normes que d’autres pays ne respecteront pas, ce qui va entraîner une perte de compétitivité pour nos entreprises en impactant directement notre agriculture, notre industrie et notre secteur énergétique. En outre, la diplomatie climatique ne doit pas être un prétexte pour justifier les migrations."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[765] "J’ai voté contre ce texte.\nDans le cadre d’action pour le climat et l’énergie à l’horizon 2030, l’Union européenne s’est engagée à réduire d’au moins 40% ses émissions d’ici à 2030 par rapport au niveau de 1990.\nLe règlement proposé établit les exigences de la surveillance et à la communication des données relatives aux émissions de CO2 et à la consommation de carburant des véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs (camions, autobus et autocars) immatriculés dans l’Union. Il apparaît que ce rapport permettrait la diffusion d’informations qui ne sont pourtant pas nécessaires au fonctionnement de l’outil VECTO. Aussi, une pareille divulgation de données est de nature à compromettre les innovations effectuées par les constructeurs européens au profit des concurrents extra-européens."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[766] "J’ai voté contre ce texte. Ce texte s’inscrit dans la poursuite de l’Accord de Paris et requiert des États membres qu’ils préservent une répartition des sols leur permettant d’absorber, jusqu’en 2030, la même quantité de carbone que pendant la période de référence 2000-2009. Dans l’ensemble, il s’agit d’un rapport très technocratique, contraignant et entamant ce qui est une compétence exclusive des États membres, et malheureusement, avec la bénédiction de nos dirigeants. Malgré certains efforts pour ne pas pénaliser par des débits comptables les efforts de gestion durable des forêts, l'ambition de la stratégie climatique européenne reste trop éloignée des intérêts des États, dont la France."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[767] "J’ai voté contre ce texte.\nCe rapport prétexte du changement climatique et de ses conséquences néfastes sur la qualité de vie des citoyens européens pour demander à l’Union européenne d’intensifier ses relations avec les autorités locales: la Commission européenne pourrait superviser les mesures prises par les villes et les régions en faveur de la réduction des émissions de CO2.\nCe rapport vise à octroyer à l’Union européenne de nouvelles prérogatives comme la politique urbaine et l’aménagement du territoire. Ces politiques relèvent pourtant des compétences exclusives des États membres. À l’avenir, quelques technocrates bulgares ou kosovars vivant à Bruxelles pourraient décider de la politique de la ville de Quimper. Est-ce cette Europe que nous voulons ?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[768] "J’ai voté contre ce texte.\nCe rapport invoque un lien étonnant entre l’égalité des sexes et les changements climatiques. Nous pouvons tout à fait soutenir certains paragraphes dénonçant la pollution ou promouvant l’autonomie des femmes dans les pays les moins avancés. Cependant ce rapport appelle de manière inacceptable à favoriser les migrations vers l’Europe, notamment des femmes."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[769] "Je me suis abstenu sur ce texte.\nIl s’agit d’un accord entre l’UE et la Suisse pour fusionner leurs systèmes d’échange de quotas d’émissions de CO2 (SEQE en français/ETS en anglais). Si la Suisse souhaite adhérer au SEQE de l’UE, c'est son choix souverain donc respectable, allant dans le sens de ses intérêts. Les entreprises suisses, notamment les plus polluantes auront accès (via le SEQE) à un marché plus grand et à des allocations de quotas d’émissions plus avantageuses que ce que leur système national propose.\nNéanmoins, cela ne remet pas en cause notre critique de fond sur le SEQE. La production d’un excédent structurel de quotas d’émissions a fait chuter les prix à un niveau non incitatif. Le SEQE a aussi été un outil de fraude à la TVA ayant coûté des milliards d’euros aux finances publiques.\nAu lieu de la financiarisation actuelle des émissions de carbone, nous préconisons la création d’une taxe carbone européenne applicable aux biens importés dans le marché intérieur qui remplacerait le SEQE et serait plus juste."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[770] "J’ai voté contre ce texte.\nLes eurodéputés de la commission de l’environnement veulent donner à l’Union européenne un rôle primordial dans la défense de l’accord de Paris. Nous nous opposons à cet accord qui adoube le Fonds vert (véritable organe doté d’un secrétariat, de dirigeants, etc.), qui prévoit le transfert de richesses d’un montant de 100 milliards de dollars de l’Occident vers le reste du monde.\nNous condamnons le fait que les obligations de résultats soient disparates et inégalitaires. Alors même que la France doit se soumettre à de fortes obligations, la Chine (premier émetteur mondial) peut non seulement ne pas réduire, mais même continuer à augmenter ses émissions jusqu’en 2030.\nEnfin, la COP23 soutient l’engagement d’acteurs non étatiques (ANE) et leur implication dans les négociations entre États signataires, ce à quoi nous nous opposons. Aucun organe, qu’il soit supranational comme l’Union européenne ou non étatique comme les ANE, ne peut se substituer aux véritables acteurs que sont les États, seuls légitimes à mener des négociations de ce type."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[771] "J’ai voté contre ce texte.\nCe règlement aura pour conséquence une perte significative d’emplois dans le secteur forestier.\nCe règlement doit servir de base comptable pour les émissions de carbone dans le cadre de l’utilisation des terres, du changement d’affectation des terres et de la foresterie (UTCATF/LULUCF en anglais). Les États comme la France seront privés de la possibilité de compenser leurs émissions de carbone grâce au secteur forestier."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[772] "J’ai voté contre ce texte.\nCe rapport, quoique motivé par des préoccupations justes et partagées, souffre d’une ambition démesurée qui lui ôte tout intérêt.\nGalvanisés par les accords de Paris, les parlementaires se proposent d’affermir les propositions déjà contestables de la Commission dans un rapport brouillon et peu étayé scientifiquement. Un «réchauffisme environnementaliste» idéologique qui éclipse tout autre aspect, à savoir notre économie et notre compétitivité. Focalisé sur l’après 2030 plutôt que sur la situation immédiate, le rapport veut :\n- créer un système d’enchères écologiques et une plateforme d’investissements qui accéléreront la financiarisation de l’environnement ;\n- réviser à la baisse les crédits LULUCF/UTCATF (utilisation des terres, changement d’affectation des terres et foresterie) pénalisants les acteurs qui ont déjà investi dans l’agroforesterie.\nSoucieux de nos terres et traditions, je ne peux soutenir la financiarisation de l’environnement."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[773] "Die Überarbeitung der ILO-Verordnung beinhaltet eine neue zentrale Koordinierung und die Optimierung der Inanspruchnahme von Verbindungsbeamten für Einwanderungsfragen einschließlich neuer europäischer Verbindungsbeamter in Drittländern. Da die EU jedoch seit 2014 keine notwendigen rechtlichen Schritte in Bezug auf illegale Migration gesetzt hat und zusätzlich die Europäische Grenz- und Küstenwache personell auf 10 000 Mann aufgestockt wird, habe ich aufgrund der fehlenden Notwendigkeit diesen Bericht abgelehnt."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[774] "Grundsätzlich haben eine nachhaltige Entwicklung und der Artenschutz große Bedeutung. Es ist jedoch unverhältnismäßig, wenn man das Aufstocken des Budgets zulasten der Mitgliedstaaten betrachtet sowie auch den Beitrag von LIFE zum Pariser Abkommen mit seinem Emissionszertifikate-Handelssystem. Deshalb habe ich mich bei diesem Bericht enthalten."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[775] "Die Forderung des Berichterstatters sind strenge CO2-Standards. CO2-Emissionen von Lastwagen sollen stark gesenkt werden (bis zum Jahr 2025 um 20 %, bis 2030 um 35 %). Die Forderung geht sogar über den Vorschlag der Europäischen Kommission hinaus (bis zum Jahr 2025 um 15 %, bis 2030 um 30 %). Bisher gelten die Vorgaben der EU zur Reduktion nur für Pkw und leichte Nutzfahrzeuge, nun sollen jedoch auch Lkw die Vorgaben einhalten.\nIch lehne diesen Bericht ab, da der Berichterstatter sehr unrealistische Ziele verfolgt. Selbst wenn die Vorgaben auch für Lkw gelten, bietet dies keine Gewähr, dass sich die CO2-Emissionen verringern. Die Zielvorgaben der Reduktion beruhen auf einer unzureichenden Datenbasis und sind zu streng. Zusätzlich sind die Strafzahlungen unverhältnismäßig hoch und widersprechen daher auch EU-Recht."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[776] "COP24 in Katowice strebt ein Regelwerk für die Ziele des Pariser Abkommens an, das ein hohes Maß an Transparenz und solide, verbindliche Vorschriften für alle Parteien vorschreibt, um Fortschritte genau zu messen und das Vertrauen zwischen den Parteien, die am internationalen Prozess beteiligt sind, zu stärken.\nEuropas Verantwortung besteht nicht darin, sein Zehntel der Weltemissionen so weit abzusenken, dass die Klimaerwärmung gestoppt wird. Das ist nicht leistbar. Seine Mission ist es, den globalisierungsfähigen Blueprint eines klimaverträglichen Wirtschaftsmodells zu liefern. Nur so ist die für das Pariser Klimaabkommen erforderliche Hebelwirkung zu erzielen.\nDaher habe ich mich meiner Stimme enthalten."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[777] "Der Klimawandel wirkt sich durch immer stärkere Temperaturschwankungen auch auf die menschliche Gesundheit, das Ökosystem und in manchen Fällen sogar auf die Sicherheit aus. Da demzufolge in gewissen Regionen ein Mangel an Ressourcen entsteht, entfacht das wiederum politische und wirtschaftliche Konflikte. Da der Ansatz, dieser Entwicklung mit einem Zertifikathandel im Rahmen des Pariser Abkommens entgegenzusteuern, nur sehr kurzsichtig ist, enthalte ich mich meiner Stimme."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[778] "Der Vorschlag, neue schwere Nutzfahrzeuge, genauso wie bereits Pkw und Transporter, zu zertifizieren und auf CO2-Emissionen und ihren Kraftstoffverbrauch zu überwachen, stößt auf meine Zustimmung, da dadurch genauere Statistiken erstellt und verlässlichere Daten gesammelt werden können. Aus diesem Grund habe ich dafür gestimmt."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[779] "Die Einbeziehung des LULUCF-Sektors in die Klimaschutzpolitik der Europäischen Union ab 2021 ist ein begrüßenswerter Bestandteil für eine zukunftsorientierte Klimapolitik. Dies allerdings im Korsett des Pariser Abkommens und dem damit verbundenen Zertifikathandel ist abzulehnen.\nUm den LULUCF-Sektor im Vergleich zu den anderen Sektoren im laufenden (und abzulehnenden) europäischen Klimaschutz-Prozess allerdings nicht zu benachteiligen, müssen Vorleistungen (Verringerung der Emissionen seit 1990 um 24 %) angerechnet, ein klarer Unterschied zwischen fossilen und biogenen Treibhausgasen gemacht sowie der Substitutionseffekt von Bioenergie und Bioökonomie anerkannt werden."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[780] "Ich habe dem vorliegenden Bericht zugestimmt. Bisher wurden nur Daten über den CO2-Ausstroß von Pkw und Transportern aufgezeichnet und überwacht. Daher ist es wichtig, dass dieses Verfahren in Zukunft auch für Schwertransporter angewandt wird, um auch hier eine auf qualifizierten Daten basierende CO2-Emmissionsgrenze festlegen zu können. Ebenfalls muss das Verfahren der Zertifizierung solcher Fahrzeuge transparenter für den Markt gestaltet werden, was dieser Bericht zusichert."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[781] "Laut Berichterstatterin werden die Auswirkungen des Klimawandels von Frauen und Männern unterschiedlich wahrgenommen. Frauen sind laut Bericht gefährdeter und würden aus diversen Gründen größeren Risiken und Hürden gegenüberstehen, die von einem ungleichen Zugang zu Ressourcen, Bildung, Beschäftigungsmöglichkeiten und Landrechten bis hin zu gesellschaftlichen und kulturellen Normen und den vielfältigen Querschnittserfahrungen von Frauen reichen. Eine wirksame Klimapolitik sollte die wichtigsten Faktoren herausarbeiten und diese mit entsprechender Priorisierung angehen. Die Priorisierung der Genderperspektiven wird den Klimawandel nicht stoppen. Daher habe ich den Bericht abgelehnt."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[782] "Auf der COP23 sollte eine Zwischenbilanz für die Verwirklichung des Reduktionsziels des Pariser Abkommens erzielten Fortschritte gezogen werden. Im Entschließungsantrag wird einerseits betont, dass der Klimawandel u. a. wirtschaftliche Not und politische Instabilität verschärft und somit Wanderbewegungen auslösen wird. Es müsse ein verbesserter Transparenzrahmen geschaffen und bei den Klimaschutzbemühungen der Schwerpunkt auf die tropischen Wälder gelegt werden. Andererseits wird darin beispielsweise die Einführung einer Finanztransaktionssteuer als zusätzliche Quelle für die Klimaschutzfinanzierung gefordert und abermals das abzulehnende Emissionshandelssystem als zentraler Bestandteil des Pariser Abkommens und der Klimaschutzziele von selbigem bekräftigt. Aufgrund der zahlreichen Kritikpunkte konnte ich diesen Antrag nicht unterstützen und habe mich daher der Stimme enthalten."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[783] "Die Einbeziehung des LULUCF-Sektors in die Klimaschutzpolitik der Europäischen Union ab 2021 ist ein sehr guter Ansatz für eine gemeinsame Klimapolitik. Da der Bericht jedoch im Schatten des Pariser Abkommens steht und damit ein Emissionszertifikatehandel verbunden ist, ist eine Stimmenthaltung angebracht."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[784] "Ich habe diesen Bericht abgelehnt, da er den Handel von Energiezertifikaten unterstützt, wodurch lediglich Gelder innerhalb Europas umverteilt werden. Um die Umwelt nachhaltig und sinnvoll zu schützen, müssen erneuerbare Energien gefördert und konkrete Ziele gesetzt werden."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[785] "Ce programme est plutôt bien géré, le rôle de la Commission est réduit aux actes délégués et les pratiques entre États membres sont privilégiées tel que nous le soutenons, je soutiens ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[786] "Après analyse, il apparaît clairement que ce texte va créer plus de voies légales d’immigration et faciliter le regroupement familial.\nIl compliquera le retour des clandestins.\nJ’ai voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[787] "Si ce rapport mentionne les intenables et chimériques «accords de Paris», il défend aussi la protection des écosystèmes, la santé des citoyens européens, l’augmentation des fonds pour la recherche, la cohérence technique et financière des fonds alloués, la limitation des prérogatives de la Commission (actes délégués), l’équilibre des projets ou encore les bonnes pratiques entre États membres et un surcroît d’implication de leur part. Enfin, la Cour des comptes européenne a dressé un bilan élogieux de la gestion financière de ce programme. Je me suis donc naturellement exprimée en faveur de ce programme."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[788] "Ce rapport tente de démontrer la nécessité d’adopter les objectifs ambitieux en matière d’émissions de CO2 des véhicules lourds. Aucun calcul des émissions, à ce jour, ne permet de tenir compte avec réalisme des paramètres liés aux conditions réelles d’utilisation du véhicule selon la typologie du transport. Il est de plus question d’appliquer un système «de crédits et de dettes d’émissions» accompagné de pénalités en cas d’émissions excédentaires. Il s’agit là d’une sanction en défaveur des constructeurs européens de poids lourds, ce qui aura une incidence sur le prix des véhicules neufs dont pâtiront les professionnels du transport routier.\nJ’ai voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[789] "Ce projet concerne la réglementation de l’usage des terres agricoles et forestières et s’inscrit dans la continuité de l’accord de Paris (suite à la COP 21). Les États membres devront préserver une certaine quantité de sol, pouvant absorber le carbone qu’il produit et ainsi réduire ses émissions de gaz à effet de serre. Si l’objectif est a priori louable, il ne correspond pas à la réalité de la nécessité de conservation de nos terres boisées. Il permettra en réalité de prélever plus de bois alors que celui-ci est essentiel pour maintenir les puits de carbone. Critiqué par beaucoup d’ONG, sa complexité technocratique en fait un texte une fois de plus difficile à appliquer. Il empiète sur la compétence des États pour ce qui est de la gestion foncière, ce qui constitue pour nous une ligne rouge. J’ai donc voté contre ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[790] "Ce rapport vise à mettre en œuvre les engagements climatiques de l’Union européenne, afin d’atteindre une réduction de 30% des émissions de gaz à effet de serre. Un règlement fixe un plafond d’émissions annuelles qu’un État ne peut dépasser. Un grand «marché du carbone» est ainsi créé et les États disposeront de flexibilité dans leurs émissions. Ce marché n’apportera rien à l’ambition de réduction des gaz à effet de serre. L’UE doit pouvoir atteindre ses objectifs climatiques en 2030 par des politiques d’efficacité énergétiques et de développement des énergies renouvelables. Il ne s’agit pas ici de tendre vers une solution au réchauffement mais de faire passer une écologie punitive et inutile avant les intérêts des États membres. J’ai donc voté CONTRE ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[791] "Ce rapport utilise le sujet du changement climatique pour demander à l’UE d’intensifier ses relations avec les autorités locales. Un prétexte donc pour passer outre les États membres. Il est ainsi demandé à la Commission européenne d’établir une feuille de route afin de superviser les mesures prises par les villes et les régions en faveur de la réduction des émissions de CO2. De plus, il est demandé de maintenir et de renforcer les critères ex-ante qui conditionnent l’attribution des fonds européens au respect des objectifs environnementaux fixés par la Commission. Enfin, il est rappelé le rôle important des stratégies macro-régionales dans la lutte contre le changement climatique alors qu’elles ont en réalité d’abord été conçues pour réduire l’influence des frontières nationales. Par ailleurs, ce rapport vise à octroyer à l’UE de nouvelles prérogatives comme la politique urbaine et l’aménagement du territoire; politiques qui relèvent pourtant des compétences exclusives des États membres. Je me suis ainsi exprimée contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[792] "Le rapport Zoffoli a été voté d’une courte majorité en Commission ENVI après avoir été plébiscité en Commission TRAN. Les raisons de ce rejet sont claires: la transparence souhaitée par le rapporteur est de nature à compromettre le secret des données sensibles, notamment vis-à-vis de constructeurs non européens via une divulgation de nombreuses données sensibles acquises au travers de l’investissement en R&D. De plus, alors que la proposition initiale prévoyait un mécanisme de vérification de la fiabilité des données, le rapport final confère à la Commission un pouvoir de sanction au travers d’amendes infligées directement aux constructeurs, ce qui apparaît contraire au principe de subsidiarité auquel nous sommes attachés. Enfin, il apparaît que le rapport permet la diffusion d’informations qui ne sont pourtant pas nécessaire au fonctionnement de l’outil VECTO. Aussi, une pareille divulgation de données est de nature à compromettre les innovations effectuées par les constructeurs européens au détriment des concurrents extra-européens. J’ai logiquement voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[793] "Ce rapport vise à relier deux concepts actuellement à la mode, à savoir l’égalité des sexes et les changements climatiques.\nLe rapport fait état des conséquences du changement climatique pour les pays qui polluent peu et qui entraînent plus de pauvreté, de conflits et des migrations. Il est aussi fait référence à la mise en place de coopération entre les États européens pour aider les pays victimes de ces changements, ce que je défends avec mes collègues députés.\nCependant, les solutions proposées sont à l’opposé de ce que nous préconisons. Par exemple, il est proposé de créer des filières sûres et régularisées de migration ou bien encore la création d’une protection spéciale pour les femmes migrantes.\nPar ailleurs, le rapport tend à hiérarchiser les victimes des changements climatiques en distinguant les Femmes des Hommes. Les conséquences du changement climatique sont ici utilisées comme un prétexte idéologique pour la lutte pour l’égalité Homme-Femme. J’ai donc voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[794] "Si la Suisse souhaite adhérer au SEQE de l’UE, c'est son choix souverain. Les entreprises suisses, notamment les plus polluantes, auront accès, via le SEQE, à un marché plus grand et à des allocations de quotas d’émissions plus avantageuses que ce que leur système national propose. Néanmoins, cela ne remet pas en cause notre critique de fond sur le SEQE dont le fonctionnement reste problématique et dont le rôle dans la décarbonation est mineur du fait d’un manque évident de transparence et de la production d’un excédent structurel de quotas d’émissions faisant chuter les prix. En effet, le seul moyen de ranimer le marché du carbone est de rehausser les prix des droits d’émissions afin d’inciter aux réformes écologiques. Au lieu de la financiarisation actuelle des émissions de carbone par l’interventionnisme écologique, nous préconisons la création d’une taxe carbone européenne applicable aux biens importés dans le marché intérieur qui remplacerait le SEQE.\nÉtant d’un côté attachée au respect de la décision souveraine de la Suisse mais opposée au SEQE, j’ai décidé de m’abstenir."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[795] "La commission ENVI a adopté le 7 septembre un projet de résolution sur la COP23 dont la mise en vigueur doit renforcer et accélérer la mise en œuvre de l’accord de Paris. Les parlementaires ENVI veulent donner à l’Union européenne un rôle de leadership dans la défense de l’accord de Paris et pour la constitution d’«alliances climatiques». Il s’agit aussi d’aller plus vite dans l’adoption du cadre pour le climat et l’énergie à l’horizon 2030 et de préparer la COP24, qui consistera en une stratégie de long terme de développement à faibles émissions de gaz à effet de serre pour 2050 et l’élimination prioritaire des émissions provenant du charbon. De plus, la COP23, comme les conférences précédentes, soutient l’engagement d’acteurs non étatiques (ANE) et leur implication dans les négociations entre États signataires. Il est bien évident qu’aucun organe, qu’il soit supranational comme l’Union européen ou non étatique comme les ANE, ne peut s’immiscer, voire se substituer aux véritables acteurs que sont les États, seuls légitimes à mener des négociations de ce type. Aussi ai-je voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[796] "Ce règlement doit servir de base comptable pour les émissions de carbone dans le cadre de l’utilisation des terres, du changement d’affectation des terres et de la foresterie (UTCATF/LULUCF en anglais). Relevant du paquet «Climat 2030», et complétant le rapport Gerbrandy (sur la répartition de l’effort) voté à Strasbourg en juin dernier, il fait l’objet d’un traitement particulier, car il contribue à la fois à la réduction et à l’émission de CO2. Finalement, les États seront privés de la possibilité de compenser leurs émissions grâce au secteur forestier afin de réduire les efforts des secteurs non-ETS, et complaire aux exigences d’organes environnementaux éminemment politiques tels que le GIEC et la CCNUCC, sous le patronage d’une Commission européenne. Enfin, ce règlement aura pour conséquence une perte significative d’emplois dans le secteur forestier. Ainsi, j’ai voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[797] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport qui s’inscrit dans la poursuite de l’Accord de Paris et qui reste très technocratique, contraignant et entamant ce qui est une compétence exclusive des États membres. Malgré certains efforts sur la gestion durable des forêts, l'ambition de la stratégie climatique européenne est très éloignée des intérêts des États, en particulier de la France."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[798] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport puisque le marché du carbone et les règles de partage de l’effort apportent peu en matière d’ambition. Il s’agit de faire passer l’écologisme avant les intérêts des États membres pour espérer réduire a minima le réchauffement climatique par une réduction des émissions de gaz à effet de serre. Les Accords de Paris seront renforcés au moment où les USA s’en retirent et laissent un trou budgétaire à combler pour financer ces politiques."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[799] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport qui prétexte du changement climatique et de ses conséquences néfastes sur la qualité de vie des citoyens européens pour demander à l’Union européenne d’intensifier ses relations avec les autorités locales. Ce rapport vise à octroyer à l’Union européenne de nouvelles prérogatives comme la politique urbaine et l’aménagement du territoire, politiques qui relèvent pourtant des compétences exclusives des États membres. De plus, il appelle à augmenter le budget alloué à la politique de cohésion et à accroitre la part de financement affectée aux thématiques environnementales."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[800] "J’ai voté contre ce rapport, dont la transparence est de nature à compromettre le secret des données sensibles notamment vis-à-vis de constructeurs non européens. De plus, celui-ci confère à la Commission un pouvoir de sanction démesuré en pouvant infliger des amendes administratives directement aux constructeurs, ce qui est contraire au principe de subsidiarité auquel je suis attaché."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[801] "Je me suis abstenu sur ce projet de recommandation. La Suisse est souveraine et fait des choix qui vont dans le sens de ses intérêts. En revanche, le fonctionnement du SEQE cumule les handicaps et son rôle dans la décarbonation est mineur du fait d’un manque évident de transparence et de la production d’un excédent structurel de quotas d’émissions faisant chuter les prix. Le seul moyen de ranimer le marché du carbone est de rehausser les prix des droits d’émissions afin d’inciter aux réformes écologiques. Au lieu de la financiarisation actuelle des émissions de carbone par l’interventionnisme écologique, il vaudrait mieux créer une taxe carbone européenne applicable aux biens importés dans le marché intérieur et qui remplacerait le SEQE."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[802] "J’ai voté contre car ce texte outrepasse ses droits dans le sens où il retire aux États leurs prérogatives concernant leur politique environnementale. Les membres de la commission ENVI souhaitent donner à l’Union européenne un rôle accru dans la défense de l’accord de Paris alors que seuls les États sont légitimes à mener ce genre de négociations. L’accord de Paris est un fer de lance de la mondialisation."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[803] "Ce rapport est biaisé. Ce mécanisme de contrôle laisse peu d'espaces de liberté."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[804] "Le rapport manque son objectif en ne prenant pas assez en compte le potentiel des forêts comme réservoirs de carbone et en négligeant les efforts effectués par l’agriculture depuis 1990 (baisse des émissions de CO2 de 24 %). L’annonce récente de la sortie des États-Unis de la COP21 est par ailleurs une objection dirimante à l’enthousiasme général et risque de charger la France, comme d’autres États, d’un poids financier plus important que prévu. Ce rapport plébiscite des relations internationales post-nationales et un écologisme financiarisé que nous ne pouvons soutenir. Vote défavorable."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[805] "Il s'agit d'un rapport technique qui ne concerne que les véhicules lourds. Les constructeurs automobiles les plus en difficulté (PSA en France) ne semblent donc pas être concernés. Ce rapport prévoit de renforcer les règles en matière d'émission de CO2 de ces véhicules tout en permettant de développer les filières de carburants alternatifs. Ce rapport ne prévoit pas davantage de réduction de la souveraineté nationale en la matière et ne pose pas de problème politique majeur sur le fond. Je vote en faveur de ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[806] "Je me prononce en faveur de ce texte, qui dresse un bon état des lieux, transversal et assez exhaustif, de la situation après le rapport du GIEC et des efforts à consentir, considérables, pour lutter contre le changement climatique."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[807] "D’après le rapporteur, l’énorme potentiel du secteur en matière d’atténuation du changement climatique ne peut être atteint que grâce à une comptabilité au niveau de l’Union européenne pour la période 2021-2030 et si la règle du bilan neutre ou positif est respectée de manière rigoureuse. Concernant les objectifs liés au boisement, le texte prévoit que la Commission puisse recalculer les nouveaux niveaux de référence pour les forêts (si les critères de l’annexe IV ne sont pas respectés) ce qui n’est pas acceptable. J'ai donc voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[808] "Cette proposition modifiée par la commission ENVI méprise la souveraineté des États, ainsi que les principes de subsidiarité et de libre collaboration, au nom d’objectifs qui ne repose pas sur des éléments suffisamment tangibles. Le rapport ne prend pas assez en compte ni le potentiel des forêts comme réservoirs de carbone, ni les efforts opérés par l’agriculture depuis 1990 (baisse des émissions de CO2 de 24 %), et, en se fixant arbitrairement comme objectif l’horizon 2030, fait l’impasse sur le long terme et la scientificité de ses propositions. J'ai donc voté CONTRE."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[809] "Le rapport part d’un bon postulat, à savoir que le changement climatique est une évidence de plus en plus visible et dont les impacts néfastes sont réels à l’échelle planétaire. Le rapport considère cependant que la lutte contre le réchauffement climatique doit s’articuler essentiellement autour des villes, agglomérations et régions; évinçant ainsi les actions plus chirurgicales et en lésant de fait les territoires les plus ruraux, les plus enclavés, les plus éloignés des relais de l’action publique. Ce choix des agglomérations et des régions dans la lutte contre le réchauffement climatique n’est d’ailleurs pas anodin puisqu’il vient renforcer la logique européiste qui déconstruit les nations au profit des euro-régions. Je me suis donc abstenue."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[810] "Malgré de bonnes intentions, ce texte est particulièrement fédéraliste et porte une fois de plus atteinte à la souveraineté des États de l’UE. Il risque en outre de pénaliser les entreprises de transport qui sont dans une large mesure des petites et moyennes entreprises. Ces dernières, qui subissent déjà de nombreuses normes européennes, seront contraintes de communiquer à la Commission des données sur l'enregistrement de tous les nouveaux poids lourds. J'ai donc voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[811] "Sous couvert de bonnes intentions, à savoir limiter le réchauffement climatique et éviter ses conséquences néfastes à long terme, cette résolution manque de pragmatisme. Aussi, on ne peut soutenir un texte qui renforce les pouvoirs de la Commission européenne au détriment des États, qui sont pourtant déjà tenus d’agir dans le cadre de l’accord de Paris. Abstention."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[812] "En définitive, les États seront privés de la possibilité de compenser leurs émissions grâce au secteur forestier afin de réduire les efforts des secteurs non-ETS, et complaire aux exigences d’organes environnementaux éminemment politiques, sous le patronage d’une Commission toujours aussi absorbante des souverainetés. Enfin, ce règlement aura pour conséquence une perte significative d’emplois dans le secteur forestier. J'ai donc voté CONTRE."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[813] "Die Bedeutung der nachhaltigen Entwicklung ist mir ein wichtiges Anliegen, die geforderte Aufstockung des Budgets auf 5,45 Mrd. Euro zulasten der Nationalstaaten schießt jedoch weit über das Ziel hinaus. Daher meine Enthaltung."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[814] "Dieser Vorschlag schießt weit über das Ziel hinaus, und die geforderten Grenzwerte für die Emissionen von Lkw sind aus heutiger technologischer Sicht sehr unrealistisch. Allgemein bin ich dafür, insbesondere bei Grenzwerten für Lkw die langen Produktzyklen zu berücksichtigen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[815] "Für mich ist der Lösungsansatz für den Klimawandel mit einem Zertifikathandel im Rahmen des Pariser Abkommens zu kurz gedacht. Daher habe ich mich enthalten."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[816] "Der Ansatz der Kommission und die bisherigen Schritte, um Normen für die CO2-Emissionen schwerer Nutzfahrzeuge festzulegen, sind zu begrüßen. Allerdings sind einige Veränderungen, die der Änderungsantrag aufgreift, erforderlich."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[817] "Ich habe mich meiner Stimme enthalten, da ich zwar grundsätzlich den Abbau von Treibhausgasen in der Landnutzung und Forstwirtschaft unterstütze, doch die Änderungsanträge versuchen, den Mitgliedstaaten mehr Verantwortung bei der Umsetzung der Klima- und Energiepolitik bis 2030 aufzubürden."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[818] "Ich habe mich meiner Stimme enthalten, da dieser Bericht unserem Bekenntnis zum Pariser Abkommen in der Regierungserklärung gegenübersteht."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[819] "Ich habe dagegen gestimmt, da ich eine Abwälzung der Herausforderungen des Klimawandels auf die Städte nicht befürworte. Der Bericht unterstellt außerdem die Existenz von Klimaflüchtlingen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[820] "Ich habe dafür gestimmt, da ich Verhandlungen über die Überwachung und die Meldung von CO2-Emissionen und Kraftstoffverbrauch neuer schwerer Nutzfahrzeuge begrüße."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[821] "Diese Resolution habe ich abgelehnt, da eine wirksame Klimapolitik die wichtigsten Faktoren herausarbeiten sollte. Die Priorisierung der Genderperspektiven wird hier nicht dazu beitragen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[822] "Ich habe dafür gestimmt, da die Zusammenlegung des Emissionshandelssystems der EU und der Schweiz gewährleistet, dass die gleichen Bedingungen für beide Handelspartner bestehen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[823] "Ich habe mich meiner Stimme enthalten, da die Einbeziehung des LULUCF-Sektors in die Klimaschutzpolitik der Europäischen Union ab 2021 zwar ein begrüßenswerter Schritt für eine zukunftsorientierte Klimapolitik ist, doch soll dies im Korsett des Pariser Übereinkommens und des damit verbundenen Handels von Emissionszertifikaten geschehen, ohne dass etwa Vorleistungen angerechnet werden. Das ist aber eine der Voraussetzungen dafür, dass der LULUCF-Sektor nicht gegenüber anderen Sektoren benachteiligt wird."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[824] "Ich habe mich gegen den vorliegenden Bericht ausgesprochen und fordere konkrete Ziele und Umsetzungspläne inklusive Förderungsmaßnahmen für die Nutzung erneuerbarer Energien auf regionaler Ebene, da bereits damit die Vorgaben des Pariser Abkommens erreicht werden können."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[825] ". – UKIP voted against this resolution. UKIP is against EU climate and energy policy and believes that there is not such a thing as man-made climate change."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[826] ". – UKIP voted against this non-legislative and non-binding report. UKIP MEPs do not believe that the European Union should attempt to have any role in facilitating or shaping international rules. Member States, not the unelected EU Commission in Brussels, should have the power of making their own policy decisions with regard to domestic climate policy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[827] ". – UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. EU energy and climate policies are profoundly damaging European economy. EU unilateral climate policy is making Europe non-competitive and it is causing a huge loss of jobs and industries. Companies are forced to take radical decisions, moving offshore to defend themselves from bankruptcy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[828] ". – UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. UKIP are sceptical about the existence of man-made climate change and believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economy whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[829] ". – UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. UKIP are sceptical about the existence of man-made climate change and believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economy whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[830] ". – UKIP have voted against this own-initiative report, as MEPs believe that it is not for the European Union to take action on climate change or to tell Member States how they should implement the outcomes of the COP21 Paris agreement. Furthermore UKIP MEPs disagree with spending any EU funds on this issue. We have also voted against amendment one as we do not believe that it is the EU’s place to introduce mandatory targets."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[831] ". – UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report as UKIP questions the entire EU energy and climate policy, which is entirely based on the man—made climate change theory. We reject new legislation coming from Brussels and believe that national parliaments should be free to have legislative autonomy on this subject.\n."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[832] ". – UKIP voted against this non-legislative non-binding report. UKIP opposes the EU climate-change agenda. Whilst there were many sensitive aspects to this report regarding the vulnerability of women and the exacerbation of violence, sexual exploitation and trafficking, which we want to tackle, we are against more EU action. This report called for gender mainstreaming within climate—change policy and to impose sanctions on those that did not conform to gender quotas. We disagree with the concept of gender quotas and believe in positions based on merit not gender.\nFurthermore, we do not support calls for additional funding. Therefore in light of all the above, we opposed this report."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[833] "UKIP MEPs have voted against this Resolution on 2017 UN Climate Change Conference in Bonn. UKIP deny the Climate Change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the EU Commission. They are the cause of current damaging and counter-productive energy policy. The European Commission continues imposing never-ending objectives for emissions reductions. EU policies are forcing the investment of vast amounts of money into activity that will have little or no effect on climate."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[834] "UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report on land use, land use change and forestry. UKIP rejects the Commission proposal. UKIP denies man—made climate change and believes that CO2 is not a pollutant. New legislation in this field would only bring further bureaucracy and economic damages to this sector. UKIP notes that forestry is not an EU competence."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[835] ". ‒ UKIP voted against this legislative report. The EU seeks to reduce emissions within its borders while forcing energy-intensive industries offshore to jurisdictions with lower emission standards. We in UKIP oppose EU climate and energy policy. We reject climate hysteria and we believe the EU should accept that the Paris Agreement is close to its end."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[836] "Dans le cadre des objectifs fixés par l’accord de Paris, il convient de réglementer les performances standard du secteur autoroutier afin de parvenir à la réduction des émissions de CO2. En tenant compte des innovations technologiques récentes, ce rapport actualise les exigences techniques applicables à l’industrie automobile. Je vote donc pour."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[837] "Il s’agit d’un programme de financement pour parvenir à atteindre les objectifs fixés dans l’accord de Paris, à savoir la décarbonation de notre énergie et la transition vers une économie propre. Le programme privilégiera les entreprises et les projets apportant une valeur ajoutée certaines dans ces domaines. Je vote donc pour."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[838] "Ce texte fait de la Commission européenne le grand gestionnaire de cette enveloppe budgétaire qu'est le programme LIFE et l'autorise donc à jouer avec l'argent des nations, c'est-à-dire des contribuables. Il appelle également à promouvoir des textes législatifs auxquels je me suis opposé par le passé. Je vote donc contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[839] "La Commission a proposé un train de mesures afin de fixer des normes de réduction d’émissions de CO2 pour les diverses catégories de véhicule du marché européen. Le projet législatif dont il est ici question concerne la détermination de normes d’émissions de CO2 pour les véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs. Ce texte aborde donc un problème important, celui des émissions de CO2, mais il l fait systématiquement de la mauvaise façon. Ainsi, il fait de la Commission européenne l'institution centrale d'une stratégie supranationale de réduction des émissions de CO2 dans l'UE. Il n'associe pas les États membres à la prise de décision et il préfère donner à la Commission le pouvoir d'infliger des amendes aux constructeurs nationaux et des compétences d'exécution larges. Surtout, il oublie les espaces périphériques et n'aborde que le cas du transport urbain, passant ainsi à côté du sujet de la mobilité dans les zones rurales, pourtant crucial. Je vote contre ce texte qui instrumentalise la lutte contre le réchauffement pour donner toujours plus de pouvoir à la Commission européenne dont l'idéologie libre-échangiste est pourtant une cause majeure du changement climatique."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[840] "Cette résolution insiste sur la vision multipartite: États membres, acteurs plus locaux. Elle souligne aussi l’urgence du combat à mener, d’où un horizon proche et un calendrier serré. Mais elle reste floue sur les implications d’une augmentation du financement de l’action environnementale. Et, malheureusement, elle fait une part trop belle aux marchés carbones, qui ont eu des résultats mitigés. Enfin, elle pose la Commission comme le concepteur de la stratégie écologique de l’Europe. Dans ces conditions, je préfère m’abstenir."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[841] "En 2015, les États membres de l’UE souscrivent à deux textes: l’Accord de Paris sur le climat et le Programme de développement durable à l’horizon 2030 de l’ONU. Ces deux textes, fruit de la négociation internationale, s’inscrivent dans une conjoncture précise: la réalité du changement climatique est transnationale, donc pose inéluctablement l’enjeu d’une «diplomatie climatique». Ce rapport a trois lignes de force. La première est que le changement climatique est un sujet d’intérêt supérieur, crucial pour l’avenir de l’humanité et de la planète. La deuxième est la reconnaissance de la notion d’intersectionnalité: pauvreté, guerres, maladies, travail des enfants, émancipation des femmes sont des thèmes liés au climat qu’il convient d’appréhender dans une démarche holistique. La dernière est que l’Europe a vocation à montrer la voie au monde sur la question climatique. La diplomatie climatique demandée par le rapport est une diplomatie menée par la Commission qui s’arroge le droit de définir la vision à long terme en matière de climat et d’imposer des programmes aux États membres. Par ailleurs, le texte invite à augmenter les moyens de la Commission, notamment du Service européen pour l’action extérieure, donc de son pouvoir. Je vote donc contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[842] "Le secteur de l’utilisation et du changement d’affectation des terres et de la foresterie (UTCATF) est une catégorie au sein du cadre comptable de la Convention-cadre des Nations unies sur les changements climatiques pour les émissions de gaz à effet de serre. Il comprend les réservoirs de carbone de la biomasse vivante, les matières organiques mortes (bois mort et litière) et le carbone organique des sols. Les émissions résultent des activités liées à l’utilisation des terres (ex. conversion des pâturages permanents en terres arables) et de la déforestation. En 2012, le secteur UTCATF représentait des absorptions nettes d’environ 303 millions de tonnes de CO2 dans toute l’UE soit 9 % des émissions des autres secteurs.\nD’après le rapporteur, l’énorme potentiel du secteur en matière d’atténuation du changement climatique ne peut être atteint que grâce à une comptabilité au niveau de l’Union européenne pour la période 2021-2030 et si la règle du bilan neutre ou positif est respectée de manière rigoureuse. Concernant les objectifs liés au boisement, le texte prévoit que la Commission puisse recalculer les nouveaux niveaux de référence pour les forêts (si les critères de l’annexe IV ne sont pas respectés), ce qui n’est pas acceptable. Je vote donc contre ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[843] "Sur ce rapport, la commission ENVI a pêché par excès de zèle en amplifiant la proposition de la Commission à l’équilibre déjà fragile. Cette proposition, modifiée par la commission ENVI, méprise la souveraineté des États, ainsi que les principes de subsidiarité et de libre collaboration, au nom d’objectifs qui ne reposent pas sur des éléments suffisamment tangibles. Je conteste la révision à la baisse des crédits LULUCF/UTCATF (Utilisation des terres, changement d’affectation des terres et foresterie), qui sera très pénalisante pour les acteurs s’étant livrés tôt à des investissements conséquents dans le domaine. Le système complexe d’enchères écologiques doublé d’une plateforme d’investissements me fait craindre une financiarisation du domaine. De plus, le rapport ne prend pas assez en compte ni le potentiel des forêts comme réservoirs de carbone, ni les efforts opérés par l’agriculture depuis 1990 (baisse des émissions de CO2 de 24%), et, en se fixant arbitrairement comme objectif l’horizon 2030, fait l’impasse sur le long-terme et la scientificité de ses propositions. Je vote donc contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[844] "Le texte va dans le bon sens pour ce qui est de la réduction des gaz à effet de serre, mais focalisé sur les deux échelons ville-région, écartant de fait les États, les départements, les communes rurales. Je préfère donc m'abstenir."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[845] "Ce texte vise à approuver un accord qui renforce le SEQE de l’UE en y associant un État souverain qui n’est pas membre de l’UE. Bien que la Suisse soit bien évidemment libre de ses choix, ce couplage va conforter l’UE dans sa volonté de se substituer aux diverses instances légitimes et compétentes pour une réduction coordonnée et efficace des émissions au niveau mondial. On peut citer l’Organisation de l’Aviation Civile Internationale (OACI) pour les émissions aériennes ou l’Organisation Maritime Internationale (OMI) pour le secteur maritime. En outre, l’exigence d’une inclusion par la Suisse des émissions du secteur aérien dans son SEQE, sur le modèle des règles du SEQE de l’Union, n’est pas une bonne nouvelle en ce qu’elle renforcera le SEQE au détriment du programme international CORSIA, prévu dans le cadre de l’OACI. Je vote donc contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[846] "Sous couvert de bonnes intentions, à savoir limiter le réchauffement climatique et éviter ses conséquences néfastes à long terme, cette résolution manque de pragmatisme. Aussi, on ne peut soutenir un texte qui renforce les pouvoirs de la Commission européenne au détriment des États, qui sont pourtant déjà tenus d’agir dans le cadre de l’accord de Paris. Abstention."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[847] "Ce règlement doit servir de base comptable pour les émissions de carbone dans le cadre de l’utilisation des terres, du changement d’affectation des terres et de la foresterie (UTCATF/LULUCF en anglais). Relevant du paquet «Climat 2030», il contribue à la fois à la réduction et à l’émission de CO2. Il se propose de réduire considérablement l’apport du secteur forestier en excluant de sa comptabilité l’afforestation, tout en rendant obligatoire la gestion des zones humides et la prise en compte des produits ligneux uniquement comme source d’émission de carbone. La question des règles comptables est l’objet d’un contentieux entre les États membres dont l’ambition écologique diffère selon la politique forestière. Ces États, dont la France, seront amenés à récolter plus de bois. Ils plaident donc pour une base de référence qui ne les pénalise pas car il n’est pas acceptable qu’elle se fonde sur une intensité passée comme seuil pour l’utilisation des ressources forestières au cours de la prochaine décennie. En définitive, les États seront privés de la possibilité de compenser leurs émissions grâce au secteur forestier, sous le patronage d’une Commission toujours aussi nuisible à la souveraineté. Enfin, ce règlement aura pour conséquence une perte significative d’emplois dans le secteur forestier. Je vote donc contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[848] "UKIP voted against this legislative report. UKIP MEPs oppose failing EU energy policy and believe that democratically elected national parliaments should legislate on this issue."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[849] "UKIP voted against this resolution. UKIP is against EU climate and energy policy and believes that there is not such a thing as man-made climate change."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[850] ". – UKIP voted against this non-legislative and non-binding report. UKIP MEPs do not believe that the European Union should attempt to have any role in facilitating or shaping international rules. Member States, not the unelected EU Commission in Brussels, should have the power of making their own policy decisions with regard to domestic climate policy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[851] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. EU energy and climate policies are profoundly damaging European economy. EU unilateral climate policy is making Europe non-competitive and it is causing a huge loss of jobs and industries. Companies are forced to take radical decisions, moving offshore to defend themselves from bankruptcy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[852] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. UKIP are sceptical about the existence of man-made climate change and believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economy whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[853] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. UKIP are sceptical about the existence of man-made climate change and believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economy whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[854] "UKIP have voted against this own-initiative report, as MEPs believe that it is not for the European Union to take action on climate change or to tell Member States how they should implement the outcomes of the COP21 Paris Agreement. Furthermore UKIP MEPs disagree with spending any EU funds on this issue. We have also voted against amendment one as we do not believe that it is the EU’s place to introduce mandatory targets."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[855] ". – UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report as UKIP questions the entire EU energy and climate policy, which is entirely based on the man—made climate change theory. We reject new legislation coming from Brussels and believe that national parliaments should be free to have legislative autonomy on this subject.\n."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[856] "UKIP voted against this non-legislative non-binding report. UKIP opposes the EU climate-change agenda. Whilst there were many sensitive aspects to this report regarding the vulnerability of women and the exacerbation of violence, sexual exploitation and trafficking, which we want to tackle, we are against more EU action. This report called for gender mainstreaming within climate—change policy and to impose sanctions on those that did not conform to gender quotas. We disagree with the concept of gender quotas and believe in positions based on merit not gender.\nFurthermore, we do not support calls for additional funding. Therefore in light of all the above, we opposed this report."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[857] "UKIP MEPs have voted against this Resolution on 2017 UN Climate Change Conference in Bonn. UKIP deny the Climate Change alarmism supported by green lobbies, often financed by the EU Commission. They are the cause of current damaging and counter-productive energy policy. The European Commission continues imposing never-ending objectives for emissions reductions. EU policies are forcing the investment of vast amounts of money into activity that will have little or no effect on climate."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[858] "UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report on land use, land use change and forestry. UKIP rejects the Commission proposal. UKIP denies man—made climate change and believes that CO2 is not a pollutant. New legislation in this field would only bring further bureaucracy and economic damages to this sector. UKIP notes that forestry is not an EU competence."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[859] ". ‒ UKIP voted against this legislative report. The EU seeks to reduce emissions within its borders while forcing energy-intensive industries offshore to jurisdictions with lower emission standards. We in UKIP oppose EU climate and energy policy. We reject climate hysteria and we believe the EU should accept that the Paris Agreement is close to its end."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[860] "Ilmastonmuutos on maailmanlaajuinen ongelma, mutta sen vaikutukset kohdistuvat voimakkaampina köyhiin väestöryhmiin, joiden elanto on eniten riippuvaista luonnonvaroista. Heillä on vähiten valmiuksia vastata luonnonkatastrofeihin, kuten kuivuuteen, maanvyöryihin, tulviin ja hirmumyrskyihin. Mietinnössä otetaan myös huomioon, että naiset ja miehet kokevat ilmastonmuutoksen vaikutukset eri tavoin. Naiset ovat haavoittuvampia ja kohtaavat suurempia riskejä eri syistä, joita ovat esimerkiksi resurssien ja koulutuksen epätasa-arvoinen saatavuus, epätasa-arvoiset työllistymismahdollisuudet sekä sosiaaliset ja kulttuuriset normit. Eniten alttiita ilmastonmuutokselle olevilla alueilla 70 prosenttia kaikista naisista työskentelee maataloudessa, mutta harva heistä osallistuu ilmastopolitiikan kehittämiseen. Naiset eivät ole vain uhreja vaan tosiasiallisia muutoksentekijöitä ilmastonmuutoksen hillitsemisessä, minkä vuoksi naisten ja miesten yhtäläinen osallistuminen päätöksentekoprosesseihin tulee varmistaa. Mietinnössä kehotetaan myös komissiota ja jäsenvaltioita tehostamaan toimiaan avun toimittamiseksi katastrofialueille ja kiinnittämään erityistä huomiota naisten ja lasten tilanteeseen, sillä he kärsivät luonnonkatastrofien seurauksista eniten. Näistä syistä äänestin mietinnön puolesta."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[861] "Ho votato a sfavore perché ritengo che gli obiettivi di riduzione proposti siano frutto di una sovrastima del potenziale di tecnologie, attualmente assenti sul mercato. Tali obiettivi non tengono conto che il ciclo di sviluppo e produzione dei veicoli industriali è più lungo di quello delle auto. Inoltre, in merito alle sanzioni, la proposta della Commissione appare iniqua sia perché opera un confronto tra le emissioni di CO2 dei veicoli commerciali leggeri e quelle dei camion, sia perché sanziona il costruttore anche nell'ipotesi in cui la rete infrastrutturale non venga sviluppata in tempo utile per consentire il raggiungimento degli obiettivi fissati."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[862] "I voted against this legislative report. I oppose failing EU energy policy and believe that democratically elected national parliaments should legislate on this issue."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[863] "I voted against this resolution. I am against EU climate and energy policy and believe that there is not such a thing as man-made climate change."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[864] ". ‒ UKIP voted against this non-legislative and non-binding report. We are against attempts to develop an EU foreign policy and against the EU interfering in the domestic affairs of third countries. The UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples is not legally binding and the EU should not be attempting to make it so in its policies. The level of compliance with international agreements is a matter for the third countries concerned, not the European Union."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[865] ". ‒ UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report. EU energy and climate policies are profoundly damaging European economy. EU unilateral climate policy is making Europe non-competitive and it is causing a huge loss of jobs and industries. Companies are forced to take radical decisions, moving offshore to defend themselves from bankruptcy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[866] ". ‒ I voted against this legislative report. I believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economy whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[867] ". ‒ I voted against this legislative report. I believe that EU energy and climate policy have damaged our economy whilst bringing jobs and industry offshore."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[868] "I voted against this own-initiative report. It is not for the European Union to take action on climate change or to tell Member States how they should implement the outcomes of the COP21 Paris Agreement. I voted against amendment one as it should not be the EU’s place to introduce mandatory targets."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[869] "UKIP MEPs voted against this legislative report as UKIP questions the entire EU energy and climate policy, which is entirely based on the man—made climate change theory. We reject new legislation coming from Brussels and believe that national parliaments should be free to have legislative autonomy on this subject.\n."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[870] ". ‒ I voted against this legislative report. The EU seeks to reduce emissions within its borders while forcing energy-intensive industries offshore to jurisdictions with lower emission standards. I oppose EU climate and energy policy and reject climate hysteria, and I believe the EU should accept that the Paris Agreement is close to its end."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[871] "Η αντιμετώπιση της κλιματικής αλλαγής αποτελεί σημαντικότατη, αν όχι ύψιστη, παγκόσμια πρόκληση και απαιτείται η ανάληψη συγκεκριμένων και φιλόδοξων δράσεων ώστε τουλάχιστον να περιοριστούν οι βλαπτικές συνέπειες των ανθρωπογενών παρεμβάσεων στο περιβάλλον και εν τέλει το κλίμα. Το διακύβευμα είναι η ίδια η ύπαρξη της ανθρωπότητας όπως την γνωρίζουμε. Ως εκ τούτων, απαιτείται η υποστήριξη της μετάβασης προς μια βιώσιμη, κυκλική και ανθεκτική στην κλιματική αλλαγή οικονομία, με υψηλή ενεργειακή απόδοση, αποδοτικότητα των πόρων και χαμηλές εκπομπές διοξειδίου του άνθρακα, προς προστασία της ασφάλειας και της υγείας των πολιτών"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[872] "Η προστασία του περιβάλλοντος αποτελεί θέμα προτεραιότητας και, ως εκ τούτου, είναι απαραίτητη η μείωση των εκπομπών των νέων βαρέων επαγγελματικών οχημάτων, με καθορισμό προτύπων επιδόσεων για τις εκπομπές CO2, δεδομένου ότι ήδη το περιβάλλον έχει επιβαρυνθεί σημαντικά και είναι εμφανείς οι επιπτώσεις στην υγεία των πολιτών."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[873] "Απαιτείται η φερέγγυα χάραξη μιας φιλόδοξης και αξιόπιστης κλιματικής πολιτικής μεταξύ των κρατών της ΕΕ και της ΕΕ εν γένει."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[874] "Η υπερθέρμανση του πλανήτη, η εξάντληση των φυσικών πόρων και η διαχείριση των αποβλήτων είναι προβλήματα που απαιτούν τη διεθνή συνεργασία, την ευαισθητοποίηση και την εφαρμογή καινοτόμων τεχνολογιών χωρίς επίπλαστα διλήμματα και μακριά από ιδιοτελή ιδιωτικά ή εθνικά συμφέροντα. Η προστασία του περιβάλλοντος αφορά στον άνθρωπο και την επιβίωσή του και δεν πρέπει να αποτελεί πεδίο εφαρμογής μικροπολιτικής ή προσπάθεια επιβολής συμφερόντων μεταξύ κρατών, όπως για παράδειγμα διά της αναγνώρισης (και δη διεθνούς) του «κλιματικού πρόσφυγα», διευρύνοντας σε εκθετικό βαθμό το εν δυνάμει ποσοστό μετακινούμενων ατόμων προς μία Ευρώπη η οποία ήδη έχει να αντιμετωπίσει σειρά ζητημάτων υπό το βάρος των ανεξέλεγκτων λαθρομεταναστευτικών πληθυσμών και ροών."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[875] "Ο κλάδος των μεταφορών οφείλει να συμβάλει στη μείωση των εκπομπών αερίων του θερμοκηπίου για την προστασία του κλίματος και του περιβάλλοντος και, κατ’ επέκταση, της υγείας των ευρωπαίων πολιτών.\nΑντιστοίχως, η Επιτροπή πρέπει να αναλάβει με πλήρη διαφάνεια κατάλληλες δράσεις έτσι ώστε να παράσχει ασφαλή και ελέγξιμα δεδομένα σχετικά με τις εκπομπές CO2 και την κατανάλωση των βαρέων επαγγελματικών οχημάτων ώστε, με την πάροδο του χρόνου, να καταστεί δυνατό να καθοριστούν πρότυπα για τις εκπομπές CO2 των εν λόγω οχημάτων και να υπάρχει πλήρης έλεγχος για την αποφυγή σκανδάλων, όπως παλαιότερα το σκάνδαλο με την Volkswagen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[876] "Η έκθεση αποτελεί ένα βήμα προς τη σωστή κατεύθυνση στον τομέα της προστασίας του περιβάλλοντος. Εντούτοις, υπάρχουν έντονες ανησυχίες σε πολλά επιμέρους θέματα, συμπεριλαμβανομένου του νυν συστήματος ανταλλαγής εκπομπών διοξειδίου του άνθρακος, διότι είναι ένα εργαλείο αναποτελεσματικό και με κύριο γνώμονα το κέρδος και όχι την προστασία του περιβάλλοντος."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[877] "Η συμμόρφωση με τις επιταγές της Συμφωνίας του Παρισιού είναι αναγκαία προϋπόθεση για την επίτευξη του στόχου της μείωσης των εκπομπών αερίων του θερμοκηπίου, στόχου που συντελεί στην προστασία του περιβάλλοντος και, ως εκ τούτου, στην υγεία των πολιτών."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[878] "Η νυν αδυναμία θέσπισης υποχρεωτικών κανόνων συμμόρφωσης σε περιπτώσεις υπέρβασης των θεσμοθετημένων περιβαλλοντικά ανεκτών ορίων εκπομπών και οι ραγδαία επιδεινούμενες κλιματικές αλλαγές μάς οδηγούν στο συμπέρασμα ότι θα πρέπει, άμεσα, να προωθηθεί η τιμολόγηση των εκπομπών άνθρακα, να μειωθούν οι επιδοτήσεις των ορυκτών καυσίμων και να προαχθούν η χρήση ανανεώσιμων πηγών ενέργειας και η ενεργειακή απόδοση, με παράλληλη προσοχή στην απασχόληση, ούτως ώστε η ενεργειακή μετάβαση προς την περιβαλλοντικά βιώσιμη ανάπτυξη να είναι και κοινωνικά βιώσιμη."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[879] "Η ΕΕ οφείλει να καταβάλει συνεχώς προσπάθειες για την προστασία του περιβάλλοντος και τη βελτίωση των συνθηκών διαβίωσης."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[880] "Σαφώς καταδικάζουμε κάθε χρήση βίας κατά των γυναικών, των παιδιών, των ατόμων με αναπηρίες και των λαθρομεταναστών, και θα πρέπει να υπάρχει απόλυτος σεβασμός των ανθρωπίνων δικαιωμάτων. Όμως, καταψηφίζουμε την παρούσα έκθεση καθώς είναι μέρος της Ατζέντας 2030 η οποία προωθεί το παγκόσμιο σύμφωνο για τη μετανάστευση μέσα από την κλιματική δικαιοσύνη περιλαμβάνοντας μάλιστα την κατηγορία των «κλιματικών προσφύγων». Επίσης, στηρίζει τη λήψη αποφάσεων και τις διεθνείς συμφωνίες που σχετίζονται με την ενέργεια στον τομέα της κλιματικής αλλαγής με απώτερο στόχο το κέρδος μέσα από πολιτικές παγκόσμιων επενδύσεων χωρίς φραγμούς λόγω φύλου. Είναι ξεκάθαρο πως γίνεται λόγος για παγκοσμιοποίηση όχι μόνο της οικονομίας αλλά και των κοινωνιών."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[881] "Η προστασία του κλίματος με μείωση των εκπομπών αερίων θερμοκηπίου θα πρέπει να είναι πρωταρχικός στόχος της Ένωσης, δυστυχώς όμως το συγκεκριμένο σχέδιο με τις εν λόγω δράσεις στηρίζει τους στρατηγικούς στόχους της Ευρωπαϊκής Ένωσης στον τομέα των εξωτερικών σχέσεων, ενισχύει τις εταιρικές σχέσεις με τρίτες χώρες σε όλη την υφήλιο επί σημαντικών ζητημάτων, όπως η κλιματική αλλαγή, το εμπόριο και η ενιαία αγορά."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[882] "Η προστασία του περιβάλλοντος αποτελεί ύψιστη προτεραιότητα για εμάς, όμως δεν μπορεί το Ευρωπαϊκό Κοινοβούλιο, σε μια σχετικά καλή πρόταση ψηφίσματος, να ενσωματώνει ακόμα περισσότερες προβλέψεις υπέρ της λαθρομετανάστευσης. Επιπλέον, η συμπλεγματική στάση εναντίον του Προέδρου των ΗΠΑ, του οποίου οι αποφάσεις αναφέρονται σαν να είναι προσωπικές του και όχι σαν να τις λαμβάνει εκπροσωπώντας τη χώρα του, δείχνει απλά την ανεπάρκεια των ευρωπαίων πολιτικών. Δεν μπορούμε να ακολουθήσουμε αυτή την τακτική, ούτε την απροκάλυπτη απόπειρα ανάμειξης στην εσωτερική πολιτική σκηνή τρίτου κράτους."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[883] "Η προστασία του περιβάλλοντος και των δασών είναι ζήτημα υψίστης προτεραιότητος, για το οποίο είμαστε έτοιμοι να αποδεχθούμε ακόμη και τα ελάχιστα σημεία του κειμένου στα οποία εκφράζουμε επιφυλάξεις ή διαφωνίες. Η παρούσα έκθεση είναι ένα μεγάλο βήμα προς τα εμπρός σε αυτήν την κατεύθυνση."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[884] "Η υπερθέρμανση του πλανήτη, η εξάντληση των φυσικών πόρων και η διαχείριση των αποβλήτων είναι προβλήματα που απαιτούν τη διεθνή συνεργασία, την ευαισθητοποίηση και την εφαρμογή καινοτόμων τεχνολογιών χωρίς επίπλαστα διλήμματα, μακριά από κάθε προσπάθεια επιβολής συμφερόντων μεταξύ κρατών και δίχως την εξυπηρέτηση ιδιοτελών ή μικροπολιτικών συμφερόντων.\nΕίναι θεμιτή και δυνατή η συνύπαρξη ενεργειακής απόδοσης και ασφάλειας, με την προστασία και χρηστή διαχείριση της βιοποικιλότητας και ταυτόχρονη μείωση των λογαριασμών των καταναλωτών, μέσω αυστηρής τήρησης των υποχρεώσεων που απορρέουν από την εθνική περιβαλλοντική νομοθεσία."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[885] "Dogovoreni ciljevi smanjenja emisija CO2 za teška teretna vozila održani su na razini koju je prvotno predložila Komisija, a to znači 15 % do 2025. i 30 % do 2030. godine, što smatram dovoljno ambicioznim ciljevima ali ujedno i ostvarivima.\nEuropska unija na taj način pratit će razvoj i uvođenje tehnologija s nultim i niskim emisijama u ovom sektoru te konkurenciju na globalnom tržištu. Dogovorenim ciljevima potiču se proizvođači na pravodobno ulaganje u tehnologije kojima se smanjuju emisije što bi omogućilo prijevoznicima ostvarivanje velikih ušteda. Naime, osim što će se utvrđivanjem zahtjeva u pogledu vrijednosti emisija za nova teška vozila smanjiti emisije CO2 te emisije stakleničkih plinova i ublažiti klimatske promjene, istodobno će prijevoznici ostvariti znatne uštede goriva a proizvođači teških vozila u EU-u održat će visoku razinu inovacija i tehnološko vodstvo.\nSlažem se sa stavovima iznesenima u ovom prijedlogu te smatram da bi odstupanja od ovih vrijednosti imala znatne posljedice na prijevoznike, kvalitetu zraka i klimatske promjene te sam glasovala za ovo izvješće."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[886] "Budući da problemi povezani s okolišem i klimom utječu na zdravlje i kvalitetu života građana država članica, pravilna provedba zakonodavstva i politike EU-a u području okoliša i klime nužna je za dobrobit građana. Kao jedini program koji je posebno namijenjen djelovanju u području okoliša i klime, LIFE ima ključnu ulogu u podupiranju provedbe zakonodavstva Unije na tim područjima. Ovaj program slijedi i podupire cilj Unije u proizvodnji i upotrebi kemikalija na način koji rezultira smanjenjem štetnih učinaka na zdravlje ljudi i okoliš na najmanju moguću mjeru.\nKako bi se poboljšala učinkovitost provođenja programa, potrebna je visoka razina suradnje Komisije s nacionalnim, regionalnim i lokalnim kontaktnim točkama radi podrške provedbi Programa. S obzirom na to da je Komisija dužna dati prioritet kvaliteti projekata uzimajući u obzir geografsku pokrivenost diljem EU-a, smatram da će se predloženim izmjenama doprinijeti pomaku prema održivom, kružnom, energetski i resursno učinkovitom i niskougljičnom gospodarstvu otpornom na klimatske promjene te sam podržala ovo izvješće."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[887] "Države članice Unije trenutno imaju časnike za vezu za pitanja imigracije u trećim državama, ali njihov rad nema dovoljnu razinu koordinacije. Stoga se predlaže uspostavljanje mreže časnika za vezu za pitanja imigracije, što bi obuhvaćalo i upravljački odbor, lokalne/regionalne mreže časnika za vezu za pitanja imigracije te platformu za razmjenu informacija.\nIako pozdravljam kompromis koji je dogovoren u trijalogu, te kojeg smatram nemjerljivo boljim od teksta usvojenog na LIBE odboru, držim da migracijska politika treba ostati u isključivoj nadležnosti individualnih država članica te s tim u svezi držim da ne postoji potreba za kreiranjem još jednog birokratskog tijela Unije kroz osnivanje upravljačkog odbora za časnike za vezu za pitanja imigracije, budući da se isti cilj može dovoljno efikasno ostvariti kroz kvalitetnu razmjenu informacija između individualnih država članica Unije.\nStoga sam glasovala suzdržano."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[888] "Program za okoliš i klimatske aktivnosti (LIFE) ključni je program Europske unije namijenjen zaustavljanju i smanjenju gubitka biološke raznolikosti, dekarbonizaciji i prelasku na kružno gospodarstvo. Cilj programa je da Unija postane globalni predvodnik u održivom gospodarskom rastu i razvoju. Predloženim izmjenama želi se ostvariti dodatni pomak prema čistom, energetski učinkovitom gospodarstvu s nultom emisijom, kao i gospodarstvu otpornom na klimatske promjene.\nPodržavam sve navedene prijedloge jer smatram da će se na taj način zaštititi okoliš i zdravlje te zaustaviti gubitak bioraznolikosti. Iako ne podržavam prijedlog povećanja financijske omotnice, smatram da je LIFE djelotvoran i učinkovit financijski instrument za pružanje pomoći u ostvarenju ciljeva Europske unije povezanih s klimatskim promjenama i okolišem te sam podržala ovo izvješće."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[889] "Procjenjuje se da će se udio emisija CO2 teških vozila u Europskoj uniji povećati za dodatnih 6 % u razdoblju između 2015. i 2030. godine bez djelovanja institucija. Kako bi to spriječila, Komisija je predložila standarde učinkovitosti emisija CO2 za nova teška vozila, postavljajući ciljeve za smanjenje emisija od 15 % do 2025. godine te nastojeći postići smanjenje u iznosu od najmanje 30 % do 2030. godine. U te promjene uvršteni su veći kamioni, dok su stručna vozila, autobusi, vagoni i prikolice izuzeti do 2022. godine, kada se opseg Uredbe može proširiti.\nMeđutim, izvjestitelj za Europski parlament preuzeo je agresivniji stav i povećane ambicije za smanjenje emisija od 20 % do 2025. godine i najmanje 35 % do 2030. godine. Uz to, izvješće predlaže sustav koji bi kažnjavao proizvođače ako ne bi u potpunosti ispunjavali ciljevi, što smatram previše rigoroznom mjerom, a ne podržavam ni predložene obvezujuće kvote koje se žele nametnuti proizvođačima autobusa.\nZbog toga sam glasovala suzdržano."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[890] "Pariškim sporazumom, prvim opće pravno obvezujućim globalnim klimatskim sporazumom, nastoji se pojačati globalni odgovor na opasnost od klimatskih promjena.\nOva rezolucija o Konferenciji UN-a o klimatskim promjenama koja će se održati u Katowicama u Poljskoj podržava Pariški sporazum te traži od Komisije postavljanje još ambicioznijih ciljeva od onih koji su njime utvrđeni. Naime, poziva Komisiju da pripremi strategiju za nultu stopu emisija do 2050. godine te tako predlaže ciljeve koji su državama u razvoju neostvarivi.\nPodržavam provedbu Pariškog sporazuma jer smatram da ima ključnu ulogu u borbi protiv klimatskih promjena, no smatram da bi povećanje ciljeva predstavljalo samo dodatno opterećenje državama članicama bez doprinosa ublažavanju klimatskih promjena. Zbog toga nisam podržala ovu rezoluciju."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[891] "Ovo izvješće govori o učinku klimatskih promjena na razne aspekte života ljudi, uključujući i kvalitetu života stanovništva zemalja u razvoju te migracijske tokove. Njime se države članice pozivaju da ispune klimatske ciljeve utvrđene Pariškim sporazumom, ali isto tako naglašava se potreba da i treće zemlje poštuju dogovoreni plan djelovanja.\nNaime, kako bi se postigli postavljeni ciljevi ograničenja globalnog zatopljenja, sve države sudionice moraju dati svoj doprinos u skladu s njihovim mogućnostima. Iako se slažem s većim dijelom ovoga izvješća, ne mogu poduprijeti tvrdnju da su klimatske promjene izravno povezane s migracijama, kao i poziv institucijama Europske unije da preuzmu vodeću ulogu u povećavanju prava klimatskih izbjeglica.\nKlimatske promjene i posljedice globalnog zatopljenja prisutne su na svim kontinentima i u svim zemljama, uključujući i države članice EU-a. Ipak, slažem se s tvrdnjom da klimatske promjene utječu na kvalitetu života ljudi, kao i s većim dijelom ovog izvješća, te sam ga i podržala."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[892] "Europska unija pokušava riješiti problem globalnog zatopljenja te u skladu s time postavlja obvezujuće i ambiciozne ciljeve za smanjenje emisija stakleničkih plinova u svim sektorima, uključujući i prometni sektor u kojemu se tijekom posljednjih nekoliko desetljeća povećavaju emisije.\nZbog toga je Komisija dala Prijedlog uredbe o praćenju emisija CO2 i potrošnje goriva novih teških vozila i o izvješćivanju o ta dva parametra kako bi se prikupili pouzdani podaci o konfiguraciji voznog parka za teška vozila u Europskoj uniji, o njegovom razvoju tijekom vremena i o njegovom potencijalnom učinku na emisije CO2. Izmjenama koje je predložio Parlament postići će se usklađivanje ove Uredbe s režimom praćenja za automobile i kombi vozila uvedenim propisima 2009. i 2011. godine.\nSmatram da će ova Uredba pomoći pri ostvarivanju transparentnosti sustava te da će se ujedno postići konkurentno međunarodno okruženje. Budući da su prijedlozi tehničke prirode i nisu kontroverzni, glasovala sam za usvajanje ovog izvješća."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[893] "Okvirna konvencija UN-a o promjeni klime (UNFCCC) unutar obračunskog okvira za emisije stakleničkih plinova sadrži kategoriju koja se odnosi na korištenje zemljišta, prenamjenu zemljišta i šumarstvo (LULUCF). Budući da je više od 42 % teritorija Unije pokriveno šumama, ovo Izvješće posebnu pažnju pridaje upravo šumama EU-a koje zahvaljujući sekvestraciji i skladištenju ugljičnog dioksida imaju ogroman potencijal za ublažavanje klimatskih promjena.\nNo, među državama članicama postoje znatne razlike u pokrivenosti šumama. Republika Hrvatska s 47 % ukupne površine šuma i šumskih zemljišta jedna je od članica koje obiluju šumskim površinama, ali zbog okupacije njezina teritorija, Domovinskog rata, ratnih i poratnih okolnosti nije bila u mogućnosti gospodariti šumama. Upravo zbog takvih razlika među državama članica predloženo je da se odgovarajućim pravilima za obračun uzmu u obzir značajke specifične za svaku državu, a Komisija će imati ovlasti odobriti odstupanje od baznog razdoblja od 2000. do 2012. godine na temelju zahtjeva država članica.\nPrimjerice, za Hrvatsku se referentna razina za šume može izračunati uzimajući u obzir okupaciju dijela njezina teritorija te učinke rata i njegovih posljedica na praksu gospodarenja šumama. Smatram da se takvim individualnim pristupom državama članicama može ostvariti potencijal koji ovaj sektor ima za ublažavanje klimatskih promjena, naravno uz uvjet poštovanja načela supsidijarnosti."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[894] "Podržala sam izvješće kojim se predlažu izmjene uredbe o obvezujućem godišnjem smanjenju emisija stakleničkih plinova u državama članicama od 2021. do 2030. za otpornu energetsku uniju i ispunjenje obveza u okviru Pariškog sporazuma te izmjene Uredbe o mehanizmu za praćenje i izvješćivanje o emisijama stakleničkih plinova i za izvješćivanje o drugim informacijama u vezi s klimatskim promjenama kojima se uspostavlja dugoročna predvidljivost, energetska učinkovitost i fleksibilnost korištenja zemljišta, prenamjene zemljišta i šumarstva (LULUCF). Dugoročna predvidljivost potrebna je kako ne bi došlo do pada vrijednosti imovine i znatno većih ukupnih troškova klimatske politike, a prijedlog ovog Izvješća je u skladu s ciljem utvrđenim Pariškim sporazumom o klimi.\nBrojni su pozitivni učinci ostvarenja energetske učinkovitosti; ona je od presudne važnosti za postizanje klimatskih i energetskih ciljeva, a pozitivno utječe i na smanjenje troškova energije, smanjenje ovisnosti o uvozu, otvaranje radnih mjesta i poticanje razvoja gospodarstva.\nGlasovala sam za usvajanje ovog Izvješća jer smatram da su predložene izmjene u skladu s ciljevima energetske učinkovitosti EU-a te se omogućuje fleksibilnost i solidarnost među državama članicama."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[895] "Gradovi i sela troše otprilike 80 % energije u Europskoj uniji. Globalno, gradovi produciraju 70 % emisije stakleničkih plinova. Imajući to na umu, ovo izvješće na vlastitu inicijativu promatra kako su gradovi i regije u Europskoj uniji implementirali COP 21 Ugovor iz Pariza koji planira limitirati globalno zatopljenje ispod 2 stupnja celzijusa, gledano u usporedbi s predindustrijskim nivoom. Komisija je od uvjerenja da će trenutno važeća pravila ESIF-a doprinijeti smanjenju emisija za čak 27 milijuna tona CO2 godišnje.\nNakon dugih pregovora u Odboru REGI, ECR grupa dala je podršku svim kompromisima, osim kompromisu 8 koji je imao iznimno kritičan ton prema industriji.\nPrijedlozi koje izvješće sadrži iznimno su pozitivni za daljnji razvoj kohezijske politike i EU fondova, te je stoga ovaj prijedlog dobio moju podršku."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[896] "Odbor za okoliš predao je zahtjev da Izvješće o praćenju emisija CO2 i potrošnji goriva novih teških vozila i izvješćivanju o ta dva parametra ide ravno na međuinstitucionalne pregovore. Predložene promjene tehničke su prirode i odnose se na razmjenu podataka o teškim teretnim vozilima između država članica i Komisije.\nGlasovala sam protiv prijedloga da ovo Izvješće ne ide na glasovanje na plenarnoj sjednici jer držim da će dogovor između institucija biti lakše postignut ukoliko ga prvo Parlament odobri."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[897] "Ovo Izvješće na vlastitu inicijativu odbora FEMM naglašava utjecaj klimatskih promjena na siromašno stanovništvo koje ima najmanji kapacitet odgovoriti na prirodne katastrofe, te različitost rizika utjecaja klimatskih promjena na muški i ženski spol.\nIako podupirem dijelove Izvješća koji govore o tome kako bi sve osobe, neovisno o spolu, trebale aktivno podupirati održivi razvoj usmjeren na ljudsku dobrobit, ne mogu se složiti se dijelovima Izvješća koji pozivaju na obvezujuće socijalne i okolišne norme u trgovinskim sporazumima te na snažnu vezu između klimatskih promjena i migracija, te sam stoga glasovala suzdržano."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[898] "Jedno od ključnih pitanja u području klimatskih promjena Sustav je trgovanja emisijama EU-a (ETS EU) kojim se promiče smanjenje emisija stakleničkih plinova na isplativ i ekonomski učinkovit način. Europska je komisija nakon dugogodišnjih pregovora o povezivanju ETS EU-a sa švicarskim sustavom trgovanja emisijama (švicarski ETS) dogovorila sporazum kojim se predviđa institucionalni okvir, kao i ključni ciljevi i načela povezivanja tih dvaju sustava.\nPovezivanjem će se proširiti tržište jer će sudionici jednog sustava moći upotrebljavati jedinice iz povezanog sustava za ispunjenje obveze. Švicarski ETS i ETS EU kompatibilni su i slični, a Švicarska se priprema za uključivanje zrakoplovstva u svoj ETS te će na taj način biti usklađena i najveća razlika između ETS EU-a i švicarskog ETS-a.\nS obzirom na to da su klimatske promjene prekogranični problem koji se mora rješavati i na razini EU-a i na globalnoj razini, podržala sam izvješće kojim se kroz povezivanje ETS EU-a i švicarskog ETS-a poboljšava učinkovitost trgovanja emisijskim jedinicama i smanjuju troškovi."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[899] "Ova rezolucija sadrži stajalište Europskog parlamenta za ključne točke za 23. Konferenciju Ujedinjenih naroda o klimatskim promjenama koja će se održati u Bonnu u studenom 2017. godine. To uključuje provedbu utvrđenih doprinosa država članica, ulogu nevladinih aktera, jačanje napora za ublažavanje klimatskih promjena i prilagodbu u svim sektorima te važnost klimatske diplomacije i novih mehanizama financiranja.\nCiljevi Pariškog sporazuma ne osiguravaju sprečavanje nepovoljnih klimatskih utjecaja, a ova rezolucija poziva na daljnje obveze smanjenja emisija te uvođenje poreza na financijske transakcije te predlaže uvođenje poreza na ugljik za zemlje koje ne ispunjavaju svoje obveze unutar Sporazuma.\nIako smatram da je potrebno djelovati na ublažavanju klimatskih promjena, ne podržavam pozive na daljnje smanjenje emisija kao niti prijedloge za uvođenje novih poreza. Pojedine države članice ni sada ne mogu ispuniti svoje obveze, a daljnje povećanje obveza te uvođenje poreza predstavljalo bi samo dodatni financijski teret državama bez učinka.\nSlijedom toga glasovala sam suzdržano."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[900] "Važan dio klimatske politike okrenute budućnosti čine održiva poljoprivreda i uspješno gospodarenje šumama, stoga poticaji za smanjenje stakleničkih plinova moraju biti usklađeni s jamčenjem sigurnosti opskrbe i jasnom predanošću ideji da države članice budu mjesto proizvodnje održive hrane i biomase. Slažem se sa zaključkom izvješća da među državama članicama postoje znatne razlike kada je riječ o šumskim površinama i održivom gospodarenju šuma.\nUpravo zbog toga podržavam prijedlog da se odgovarajućim pravilima za obračun utvrdi uporaba referentnih razina kako bi se pristupilo pitanju učinaka prirodnih značajki i značajki specifičnih za određenu državu. U posebne slučajeve ubraja se i Republika Hrvatska koja se suočava s problemom nemogućnosti gospodarenja šumama zbog okupacije Hrvatske, Domovinskog rata, ratnih i poratnih okolnosti.\nBudući da izvješće potiče na usklađivanje uvjeta održivog upravljanja šumama u okviru Ministarske konferencije o zaštiti šuma u Europi (Forest Europe) s naglaskom na različitosti među državama članicama i pozivom na poštivanje načela supsidijarnosti i proporcionalnosti, podržala sam njegovo usvajanje."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[901] "Komisija je u svojoj Komunikaciji o prelasku na niskougljično gospodarstvo u Europi objavila paket mjera usmjerenih na ostvarenje tog cilja. Jedan od prijedloga je regulacija obvezujućih godišnjih smanjenja emisija stakleničkih plinova u državama članicama od 2021. do 2030. godine u sektorima koji nisu obuhvaćeni sustavom EU-a za trgovanje emisijama (ETS), odnosno za sektore prometa, građevinarstva, poljoprivrede i otpada.\nKomisija naglašava da su utvrđeni ciljevi smanjenja emisija država članica temeljeni na načelima pravednosti, solidarnosti, fleksibilnosti i ekološkog integriteta, a usvojeno izvješće u Odboru za okoliš, javno zdravlje i sigurnost hrane postavilo je još više i strože granice državama članicama.\nIako smatram da je potreban prijelaz na niskougljično gospodarstvo u Europskoj uniji te da je potrebno otvoriti više radnih mjesta i ostvariti veći rast i ulaganja u EU, smatram da pojedine države članice ne mogu ostvariti prijedloge Komisije. Obzirom da je ovo izvješće predstavilo još ambicioznije ciljeve, nisam ga podržala."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[902] "Dogovoreni ciljevi smanjenja emisija CO2 za teška teretna vozila održani su na razini koju je prvotno predložila Komisija, a to znači 15 % do 2025. i 30 % do 2030. godine, što smatram dovoljno ambicioznim ciljevima ali ujedno i ostvarivima.\nEuropska unija na taj način pratit će razvoj i uvođenje tehnologija s nultim i niskim emisijama u ovom sektoru te konkurenciju na globalnom tržištu. Dogovorenim ciljevima potiču se proizvođači na pravodobno ulaganje u tehnologije kojima se smanjuju emisije što bi omogućilo prijevoznicima ostvarivanje velikih ušteda. Naime, osim što će se utvrđivanjem zahtjeva u pogledu vrijednosti emisija za nova teška vozila smanjiti emisije CO2 te emisije stakleničkih plinova i ublažiti klimatske promjene, istodobno će prijevoznici ostvariti znatne uštede goriva a proizvođači teških vozila u EU-u održat će visoku razinu inovacija i tehnološko vodstvo.\nSlažem se sa stavovima iznesenima u ovom prijedlogu te smatram da bi odstupanja od ovih vrijednosti imala znatne posljedice na prijevoznike, kvalitetu zraka i klimatske promjene te sam glasovala za ovo izvješće."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[903] "Budući da problemi povezani s okolišem i klimom utječu na zdravlje i kvalitetu života građana država članica, pravilna provedba zakonodavstva i politike EU-a u području okoliša i klime nužna je za dobrobit građana. Kao jedini program koji je posebno namijenjen djelovanju u području okoliša i klime, LIFE ima ključnu ulogu u podupiranju provedbe zakonodavstva Unije na tim područjima. Ovaj program slijedi i podupire cilj Unije u proizvodnji i upotrebi kemikalija na način koji rezultira smanjenjem štetnih učinaka na zdravlje ljudi i okoliš na najmanju moguću mjeru.\nKako bi se poboljšala učinkovitost provođenja programa, potrebna je visoka razina suradnje Komisije s nacionalnim, regionalnim i lokalnim kontaktnim točkama radi podrške provedbi Programa. S obzirom na to da je Komisija dužna dati prioritet kvaliteti projekata uzimajući u obzir geografsku pokrivenost diljem EU-a, smatram da će se predloženim izmjenama doprinijeti pomaku prema održivom, kružnom, energetski i resursno učinkovitom i niskougljičnom gospodarstvu otpornom na klimatske promjene te sam podržala ovo izvješće."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[904] "Države članice Unije trenutno imaju časnike za vezu za pitanja imigracije u trećim državama, ali njihov rad nema dovoljnu razinu koordinacije. Stoga se predlaže uspostavljanje mreže časnika za vezu za pitanja imigracije, što bi obuhvaćalo i upravljački odbor, lokalne/regionalne mreže časnika za vezu za pitanja imigracije te platformu za razmjenu informacija.\nIako pozdravljam kompromis koji je dogovoren u trijalogu, te kojeg smatram nemjerljivo boljim od teksta usvojenog na LIBE odboru, držim da migracijska politika treba ostati u isključivoj nadležnosti individualnih država članica te s tim u svezi držim da ne postoji potreba za kreiranjem još jednog birokratskog tijela Unije kroz osnivanje upravljačkog odbora za časnike za vezu za pitanja imigracije, budući da se isti cilj može dovoljno efikasno ostvariti kroz kvalitetnu razmjenu informacija između individualnih država članica Unije.\nStoga sam glasovala suzdržano."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[905] "Program za okoliš i klimatske aktivnosti (LIFE) ključni je program Europske unije namijenjen zaustavljanju i smanjenju gubitka biološke raznolikosti, dekarbonizaciji i prelasku na kružno gospodarstvo. Cilj programa je da Unija postane globalni predvodnik u održivom gospodarskom rastu i razvoju. Predloženim izmjenama želi se ostvariti dodatni pomak prema čistom, energetski učinkovitom gospodarstvu s nultom emisijom, kao i gospodarstvu otpornom na klimatske promjene.\nPodržavam sve navedene prijedloge jer smatram da će se na taj način zaštititi okoliš i zdravlje te zaustaviti gubitak bioraznolikosti. Iako ne podržavam prijedlog povećanja financijske omotnice, smatram da je LIFE djelotvoran i učinkovit financijski instrument za pružanje pomoći u ostvarenju ciljeva Europske unije povezanih s klimatskim promjenama i okolišem te sam podržala ovo izvješće."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[906] "Procjenjuje se da će se udio emisija CO2 teških vozila u Europskoj uniji povećati za dodatnih 6 % u razdoblju između 2015. i 2030. godine bez djelovanja institucija. Kako bi to spriječila, Komisija je predložila standarde učinkovitosti emisija CO2 za nova teška vozila, postavljajući ciljeve za smanjenje emisija od 15 % do 2025. godine te nastojeći postići smanjenje u iznosu od najmanje 30 % do 2030. godine. U te promjene uvršteni su veći kamioni, dok su stručna vozila, autobusi, vagoni i prikolice izuzeti do 2022. godine, kada se opseg Uredbe može proširiti.\nMeđutim, izvjestitelj za Europski parlament preuzeo je agresivniji stav i povećane ambicije za smanjenje emisija od 20 % do 2025. godine i najmanje 35 % do 2030. godine. Uz to, izvješće predlaže sustav koji bi kažnjavao proizvođače ako ne bi u potpunosti ispunjavali ciljevi, što smatram previše rigoroznom mjerom, a ne podržavam ni predložene obvezujuće kvote koje se žele nametnuti proizvođačima autobusa.\nZbog toga sam glasovala suzdržano."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[907] "Pariškim sporazumom, prvim opće pravno obvezujućim globalnim klimatskim sporazumom, nastoji se pojačati globalni odgovor na opasnost od klimatskih promjena.\nOva rezolucija o Konferenciji UN-a o klimatskim promjenama koja će se održati u Katowicama u Poljskoj podržava Pariški sporazum te traži od Komisije postavljanje još ambicioznijih ciljeva od onih koji su njime utvrđeni. Naime, poziva Komisiju da pripremi strategiju za nultu stopu emisija do 2050. godine te tako predlaže ciljeve koji su državama u razvoju neostvarivi.\nPodržavam provedbu Pariškog sporazuma jer smatram da ima ključnu ulogu u borbi protiv klimatskih promjena, no smatram da bi povećanje ciljeva predstavljalo samo dodatno opterećenje državama članicama bez doprinosa ublažavanju klimatskih promjena. Zbog toga nisam podržala ovu rezoluciju."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[908] "Ovo izvješće govori o učinku klimatskih promjena na razne aspekte života ljudi, uključujući i kvalitetu života stanovništva zemalja u razvoju te migracijske tokove. Njime se države članice pozivaju da ispune klimatske ciljeve utvrđene Pariškim sporazumom, ali isto tako naglašava se potreba da i treće zemlje poštuju dogovoreni plan djelovanja.\nNaime, kako bi se postigli postavljeni ciljevi ograničenja globalnog zatopljenja, sve države sudionice moraju dati svoj doprinos u skladu s njihovim mogućnostima. Iako se slažem s većim dijelom ovoga izvješća, ne mogu poduprijeti tvrdnju da su klimatske promjene izravno povezane s migracijama, kao i poziv institucijama Europske unije da preuzmu vodeću ulogu u povećavanju prava klimatskih izbjeglica.\nKlimatske promjene i posljedice globalnog zatopljenja prisutne su na svim kontinentima i u svim zemljama, uključujući i države članice EU-a. Ipak, slažem se s tvrdnjom da klimatske promjene utječu na kvalitetu života ljudi, kao i s većim dijelom ovog izvješća, te sam ga i podržala."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[909] "Europska unija pokušava riješiti problem globalnog zatopljenja te u skladu s time postavlja obvezujuće i ambiciozne ciljeve za smanjenje emisija stakleničkih plinova u svim sektorima, uključujući i prometni sektor u kojemu se tijekom posljednjih nekoliko desetljeća povećavaju emisije.\nZbog toga je Komisija dala Prijedlog uredbe o praćenju emisija CO2 i potrošnje goriva novih teških vozila i o izvješćivanju o ta dva parametra kako bi se prikupili pouzdani podaci o konfiguraciji voznog parka za teška vozila u Europskoj uniji, o njegovom razvoju tijekom vremena i o njegovom potencijalnom učinku na emisije CO2. Izmjenama koje je predložio Parlament postići će se usklađivanje ove Uredbe s režimom praćenja za automobile i kombi vozila uvedenim propisima 2009. i 2011. godine.\nSmatram da će ova Uredba pomoći pri ostvarivanju transparentnosti sustava te da će se ujedno postići konkurentno međunarodno okruženje. Budući da su prijedlozi tehničke prirode i nisu kontroverzni, glasovala sam za usvajanje ovog izvješća."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[910] "Okvirna konvencija UN-a o promjeni klime (UNFCCC) unutar obračunskog okvira za emisije stakleničkih plinova sadrži kategoriju koja se odnosi na korištenje zemljišta, prenamjenu zemljišta i šumarstvo (LULUCF). Budući da je više od 42 % teritorija Unije pokriveno šumama, ovo Izvješće posebnu pažnju pridaje upravo šumama EU-a koje zahvaljujući sekvestraciji i skladištenju ugljičnog dioksida imaju ogroman potencijal za ublažavanje klimatskih promjena.\nNo, među državama članicama postoje znatne razlike u pokrivenosti šumama. Republika Hrvatska s 47 % ukupne površine šuma i šumskih zemljišta jedna je od članica koje obiluju šumskim površinama, ali zbog okupacije njezina teritorija, Domovinskog rata, ratnih i poratnih okolnosti nije bila u mogućnosti gospodariti šumama. Upravo zbog takvih razlika među državama članica predloženo je da se odgovarajućim pravilima za obračun uzmu u obzir značajke specifične za svaku državu, a Komisija će imati ovlasti odobriti odstupanje od baznog razdoblja od 2000. do 2012. godine na temelju zahtjeva država članica.\nPrimjerice, za Hrvatsku se referentna razina za šume može izračunati uzimajući u obzir okupaciju dijela njezina teritorija te učinke rata i njegovih posljedica na praksu gospodarenja šumama. Smatram da se takvim individualnim pristupom državama članicama može ostvariti potencijal koji ovaj sektor ima za ublažavanje klimatskih promjena, naravno uz uvjet poštovanja načela supsidijarnosti."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[911] "Podržala sam izvješće kojim se predlažu izmjene uredbe o obvezujućem godišnjem smanjenju emisija stakleničkih plinova u državama članicama od 2021. do 2030. za otpornu energetsku uniju i ispunjenje obveza u okviru Pariškog sporazuma te izmjene Uredbe o mehanizmu za praćenje i izvješćivanje o emisijama stakleničkih plinova i za izvješćivanje o drugim informacijama u vezi s klimatskim promjenama kojima se uspostavlja dugoročna predvidljivost, energetska učinkovitost i fleksibilnost korištenja zemljišta, prenamjene zemljišta i šumarstva (LULUCF). Dugoročna predvidljivost potrebna je kako ne bi došlo do pada vrijednosti imovine i znatno većih ukupnih troškova klimatske politike, a prijedlog ovog Izvješća je u skladu s ciljem utvrđenim Pariškim sporazumom o klimi.\nBrojni su pozitivni učinci ostvarenja energetske učinkovitosti; ona je od presudne važnosti za postizanje klimatskih i energetskih ciljeva, a pozitivno utječe i na smanjenje troškova energije, smanjenje ovisnosti o uvozu, otvaranje radnih mjesta i poticanje razvoja gospodarstva.\nGlasovala sam za usvajanje ovog Izvješća jer smatram da su predložene izmjene u skladu s ciljevima energetske učinkovitosti EU-a te se omogućuje fleksibilnost i solidarnost među državama članicama."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[912] "Gradovi i sela troše otprilike 80 % energije u Europskoj uniji. Globalno, gradovi produciraju 70 % emisije stakleničkih plinova. Imajući to na umu, ovo izvješće na vlastitu inicijativu promatra kako su gradovi i regije u Europskoj uniji implementirali COP 21 Ugovor iz Pariza koji planira limitirati globalno zatopljenje ispod 2 stupnja celzijusa, gledano u usporedbi s predindustrijskim nivoom. Komisija je od uvjerenja da će trenutno važeća pravila ESIF-a doprinijeti smanjenju emisija za čak 27 milijuna tona CO2 godišnje.\nNakon dugih pregovora u Odboru REGI, ECR grupa dala je podršku svim kompromisima, osim kompromisu 8 koji je imao iznimno kritičan ton prema industriji.\nPrijedlozi koje izvješće sadrži iznimno su pozitivni za daljnji razvoj kohezijske politike i EU fondova, te je stoga ovaj prijedlog dobio moju podršku."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[913] "Odbor za okoliš predao je zahtjev da Izvješće o praćenju emisija CO2 i potrošnji goriva novih teških vozila i izvješćivanju o ta dva parametra ide ravno na međuinstitucionalne pregovore. Predložene promjene tehničke su prirode i odnose se na razmjenu podataka o teškim teretnim vozilima između država članica i Komisije.\nGlasovala sam protiv prijedloga da ovo Izvješće ne ide na glasovanje na plenarnoj sjednici jer držim da će dogovor između institucija biti lakše postignut ukoliko ga prvo Parlament odobri."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[914] "Ovo Izvješće na vlastitu inicijativu odbora FEMM naglašava utjecaj klimatskih promjena na siromašno stanovništvo koje ima najmanji kapacitet odgovoriti na prirodne katastrofe, te različitost rizika utjecaja klimatskih promjena na muški i ženski spol.\nIako podupirem dijelove Izvješća koji govore o tome kako bi sve osobe, neovisno o spolu, trebale aktivno podupirati održivi razvoj usmjeren na ljudsku dobrobit, ne mogu se složiti se dijelovima Izvješća koji pozivaju na obvezujuće socijalne i okolišne norme u trgovinskim sporazumima te na snažnu vezu između klimatskih promjena i migracija, te sam stoga glasovala suzdržano."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[915] "Jedno od ključnih pitanja u području klimatskih promjena Sustav je trgovanja emisijama EU-a (ETS EU) kojim se promiče smanjenje emisija stakleničkih plinova na isplativ i ekonomski učinkovit način. Europska je komisija nakon dugogodišnjih pregovora o povezivanju ETS EU-a sa švicarskim sustavom trgovanja emisijama (švicarski ETS) dogovorila sporazum kojim se predviđa institucionalni okvir, kao i ključni ciljevi i načela povezivanja tih dvaju sustava.\nPovezivanjem će se proširiti tržište jer će sudionici jednog sustava moći upotrebljavati jedinice iz povezanog sustava za ispunjenje obveze. Švicarski ETS i ETS EU kompatibilni su i slični, a Švicarska se priprema za uključivanje zrakoplovstva u svoj ETS te će na taj način biti usklađena i najveća razlika između ETS EU-a i švicarskog ETS-a.\nS obzirom na to da su klimatske promjene prekogranični problem koji se mora rješavati i na razini EU-a i na globalnoj razini, podržala sam izvješće kojim se kroz povezivanje ETS EU-a i švicarskog ETS-a poboljšava učinkovitost trgovanja emisijskim jedinicama i smanjuju troškovi."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[916] "Ova rezolucija sadrži stajalište Europskog parlamenta za ključne točke za 23. Konferenciju Ujedinjenih naroda o klimatskim promjenama koja će se održati u Bonnu u studenom 2017. godine. To uključuje provedbu utvrđenih doprinosa država članica, ulogu nevladinih aktera, jačanje napora za ublažavanje klimatskih promjena i prilagodbu u svim sektorima te važnost klimatske diplomacije i novih mehanizama financiranja.\nCiljevi Pariškog sporazuma ne osiguravaju sprečavanje nepovoljnih klimatskih utjecaja, a ova rezolucija poziva na daljnje obveze smanjenja emisija te uvođenje poreza na financijske transakcije te predlaže uvođenje poreza na ugljik za zemlje koje ne ispunjavaju svoje obveze unutar Sporazuma.\nIako smatram da je potrebno djelovati na ublažavanju klimatskih promjena, ne podržavam pozive na daljnje smanjenje emisija kao niti prijedloge za uvođenje novih poreza. Pojedine države članice ni sada ne mogu ispuniti svoje obveze, a daljnje povećanje obveza te uvođenje poreza predstavljalo bi samo dodatni financijski teret državama bez učinka.\nSlijedom toga glasovala sam suzdržano."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[917] "Važan dio klimatske politike okrenute budućnosti čine održiva poljoprivreda i uspješno gospodarenje šumama, stoga poticaji za smanjenje stakleničkih plinova moraju biti usklađeni s jamčenjem sigurnosti opskrbe i jasnom predanošću ideji da države članice budu mjesto proizvodnje održive hrane i biomase. Slažem se sa zaključkom izvješća da među državama članicama postoje znatne razlike kada je riječ o šumskim površinama i održivom gospodarenju šuma.\nUpravo zbog toga podržavam prijedlog da se odgovarajućim pravilima za obračun utvrdi uporaba referentnih razina kako bi se pristupilo pitanju učinaka prirodnih značajki i značajki specifičnih za određenu državu. U posebne slučajeve ubraja se i Republika Hrvatska koja se suočava s problemom nemogućnosti gospodarenja šumama zbog okupacije Hrvatske, Domovinskog rata, ratnih i poratnih okolnosti.\nBudući da izvješće potiče na usklađivanje uvjeta održivog upravljanja šumama u okviru Ministarske konferencije o zaštiti šuma u Europi (Forest Europe) s naglaskom na različitosti među državama članicama i pozivom na poštivanje načela supsidijarnosti i proporcionalnosti, podržala sam njegovo usvajanje."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[918] "Komisija je u svojoj Komunikaciji o prelasku na niskougljično gospodarstvo u Europi objavila paket mjera usmjerenih na ostvarenje tog cilja. Jedan od prijedloga je regulacija obvezujućih godišnjih smanjenja emisija stakleničkih plinova u državama članicama od 2021. do 2030. godine u sektorima koji nisu obuhvaćeni sustavom EU-a za trgovanje emisijama (ETS), odnosno za sektore prometa, građevinarstva, poljoprivrede i otpada.\nKomisija naglašava da su utvrđeni ciljevi smanjenja emisija država članica temeljeni na načelima pravednosti, solidarnosti, fleksibilnosti i ekološkog integriteta, a usvojeno izvješće u Odboru za okoliš, javno zdravlje i sigurnost hrane postavilo je još više i strože granice državama članicama.\nIako smatram da je potreban prijelaz na niskougljično gospodarstvo u Europskoj uniji te da je potrebno otvoriti više radnih mjesta i ostvariti veći rast i ulaganja u EU, smatram da pojedine države članice ne mogu ostvariti prijedloge Komisije. Obzirom da je ovo izvješće predstavilo još ambicioznije ciljeve, nisam ga podržala."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[919] "Si ce rapport mentionne les intenables et chimériques accords de Paris, il défend aussi la protection des écosystèmes, la santé des citoyens européens, l’augmentation des fonds pour la recherche, la cohérence technique et financière des fonds alloués, la limitation des prérogatives de la Commission (actes délégués), l’équilibre des projets ou encore les bonnes pratiques entre États membres et un surcroît d’implication de leur part.\nJ'ai donc voté POUR ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[920] "Ce texte vise à établir des normes de performance en matière d’émission de CO2 pour les nouveaux véhicules lourds. Il s’inscrit dans la stratégie européenne pour une mobilité à faibles émissions, qui ambitionne de parvenir à des émissions de gaz à effet de serre 60% inférieures en 2050 par rapport à 1990. Les services de transport par camion sont en effet à l’origine d’une part non négligeable de ces pollutions. Pourtant, la proposition ne peut, en l’état, être soutenue. En effet, celle-ci tente de démontrer la nécessité d’adopter des objectifs chiffrés ambitieux pour les imposer aux constructeurs, alors qu’aucun modèle de calcul des émissions de CO2 ne s’est jusqu’alors révélé fiable. De plus, le système de crédits/dettes d’émission, permettant de sanctionner les constructeurs en cas de non atteinte des objectifs, est un système défavorable pour toute notre industrie européenne, et aura des conséquences considérables sur le prix des véhicules neufs pour les professionnels du transport routier. J’ai donc voté contre la proposition."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[921] "La lutte contre le changement climatique telle que mise en œuvre par l’accord de Paris est inutile et coûteuse. Elle conduira à un transfert permanent de richesses (100 milliards de dollars) de l’Occident vers le reste du monde, afin de soutenir les efforts environnementaux des pays en développement. Les États-Unis s’étant retirés de l’accord, il sera très difficile pour les pays restant de mobiliser une telle somme. Cela marque la victoire de la mondialisation culpabilisatrice, aux mains d’institutions éminemment politiques, telles que les Nations unies, sur le climat, et des organisations non étatiques. Ces dernières ont désormais toute liberté pour s’ingérer dans les affaires intérieures et diplomatiques des États souverains et contourner les décisions nationales. Il est également à souligner qu’un «Plan d’action pour l’égalité des sexes» n’a pas sa place dans un rapport sur le climat, et ne sert qu’à montrer, si besoin était, le caractère politique de telles propositions. J’ai évidemment voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[922] "Bien que la nécessité d’une coopération internationale en matière de lutte contre les changements climatiques ne soit pas contestable, les accords de Paris vont venir imposer des normes que d’autres pays ne respecteront pas; ce qui va entrainer une perte de compétitivité pour nos entreprises en impactant directement notre agriculture, notre industrie et notre secteur énergétique.\nEn outre, la diplomatie climatique ne doit pas être un prétexte pour justifier les migrations. C’est pourquoi j'ai voté CONTRE."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[923] "L’objectif de ce texte est de surveiller et communiquer les données relatives aux émissions de CO2 et à la consommation de carburant des véhicules utilitaires lourds neufs dans l’Union. En effet dans le cadre d’action pour le climat et l’énergie à l’horizon 2030, l’Union européenne s’est engagée à réduire d’au moins 40% ses émissions d’ici à 2030 par rapport au niveau de 1990.\nLa Commission justifie cette nouvelle procédure par la nécessité d’accentuer la concurrence dans le domaine de la production de véhicules lourds performants qui consomment peu mais également de réaliser la pleine transparence du marché et de disposer de données sûres et contrôlables sur les émissions de CO2 et sur la consommation des véhicules utilitaires lourds afin de pouvoir, à terme, fixer des normes CO2 pour les émissions de ces véhicules.\nCependant le règlement contient des dispositions habilitant la Commission à adopter des actes délégués conformément à l’article 290 du traité sur le fonctionnement de l’UE, ce qui présente pour la souveraineté des États membres.\nJ’ai voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[924] "La Commission souhaite mettre en œuvre les engagements climatiques de l’Union européenne et atteindre notamment -30 % d’émissions de gaz à effet de serre pour les secteurs non couverts par le système ETS, selon les objectifs du paquet énergie-climat 2030 par une répartition entre les États membres des efforts de réduction et par l'inclusion du secteur de l’utilisation des terres et de la foresterie.\nCe projet de règlement sur l’usage des terres agricoles ou forestières, s’inscrit dans la poursuite de l’Accord de Paris. Il requiert que les États membres s’engagent à modifier cette répartition des terres afin d’accroître leur capacité d’absorption.\nLes États membres ont une ambition écologique différente en termes de politique forestière. Ces États, dont la France, veulent récolter plus de bois en vue de développer la bioéconomie et la bioénergie, réduisant ainsi leur rôle de puits de carbone. Ils plaident donc pour une base de référence qui ne les pénalise pas. Le règlement réduit considérablement l’apport du secteur forestier en excluant de sa compatibilité l’afforestation spontanée.\nDans l’ensemble, il s’agit d’un rapport très technocratique, dans la lignée des accords de Paris, contraignant et entamant ce qui est une compétence exclusive des États membres.\nJ'ai donc voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[925] "Ce règlement souhaite fixer des plafonds d’émissions annuels de carbone. Un certain nombre d’États, en particulier les grands États agricoles comme la France, ont réclamé des mécanismes de flexibilité, arguant de la difficulté de réduire les émissions provenant des activités agricoles. Ces États pourront donc, afin d’atteindre les objectifs, comptabiliser les réductions des émissions générées par le changement d’affectation des terres, le tout réparti entre les 28 États (la France est le plus grand bénéficiaire avec 50 millions de tonnes).\nIls pourront aussi utiliser un certain nombre de quotas du marché du carbone à hauteur de 100 millions de tonnes. Ces États devront notifier chaque année à la Commission le nombre de quotas qu’ils souhaitent utiliser entre 2020 et 2030.\nIl faut noter que le texte de compromis est plus ambitieux que la proposition initiale de la Commission. Il faudra s’attendre à une possible redéfinition des objectifs avec le Brexit.\nNotons que l’UE devrait atteindre ses objectifs climatiques pour 2030 exclusivement grâce à ses politiques d’efficacité énergétique et de développement des énergies renouvelables. Le marché du carbone et donc les règles de partage de l’effort n’apportent presque rien en matière d’ambition.\nLes chimériques Accords de Paris vont s’en trouver confortés, au moment où les USA s’en retirent.\nJ’ai voté CONTRE."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[926] "Ce rapport prétexte du changement climatique et de ses conséquences néfastes sur la qualité de vie des citoyens européens pour demander à l’Union européenne d’intensifier ses relations avec les autorités locales.\nD’une part, ce rapport vise à octroyer à l’Union européenne de nouvelles prérogatives comme la politique urbaine et l’aménagement du territoire, politiques qui relèvent pourtant des compétences exclusives des États membres. D’autre part, ce rapport appelle à augmenter le budget alloué à la politique de cohésion et à accroitre la part de financement affectée aux thématiques environnementales. J’ai voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[927] "Dans le cadre d’action pour le climat et l’énergie à l’horizon 2030, l’Union européenne s’est engagée à réduire d’au moins 40% ses émissions d’ici à 2030 par rapport aux niveaux de 1990.\nCependant, avec ce texte, la Commission risque de compromettre le secret des données sensibles notamment vis-à-vis de constructeurs non européens via une divulgation de nombreuses données sensibles acquises au travers de l’investissement en R&D. De plus, le rapport final confère à la Commission un pouvoir de sanction au travers de la possibilité offerte pour cette dernière d’infliger des amendes directement aux constructeurs, ce qui apparaît contraire au principe de subsidiarité auquel je suis attachée. Pour l’ensemble de ces raisons, j’ai préféré un vote négatif."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[928] "Ce rapport vise à relier deux concepts actuellement à la mode, à savoir l’égalité des sexes et les changements climatiques.\nLe rapport fait état des conséquences du changement climatique pour les pays qui polluent peu et qui entraînent plus de pauvreté, de conflits et des migrations. Il est aussi fait référence à la mise en place de coopération entre les États européens pour aider les pays victimes de ces changements, ce que je défends avec mes collègues députés.\nCependant, les solutions proposées sont à l’opposé de ce que nous préconisons. Par exemple, il est proposé de créer des filières sûres et régularisées de migration ou bien encore la création d’une protection spéciale pour les femmes migrantes.\nPar ailleurs, le rapport tend à hiérarchiser les victimes des changements climatiques en distinguant les Femmes des Hommes. Les conséquences du changement climatique sont ici utilisées comme un prétexte idéologique pour la lutte pour l’égalité Homme-Femme.\nJ’ai donc voté contre ce rapport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[929] "La commission ENVI a adopté le 7 septembre un projet de résolution sur la COP23 dont la mise en vigueur doit renforcer et accélérer la mise en œuvre de l’accord de Paris. Le Parlement européen veut donner à l’Union européenne un rôle de leadership dans la défense de l’accord de Paris et pour la constitution d’«alliances climatiques». Il outrepasse ici ses prérogatives et celles de l’Union européenne. J’ai voté contre ce texte."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[930] "Il s’agit dans ce rapport de réglementer depuis Bruxelles les coupes de bois et d’établir une base comptable pour les émissions de carbone.\nJe souhaite pour ma part que les politiques forestières restent une compétence exclusive des États membres.\nJ'ai voté contre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[931] "Le rapport manque son objectif en ne prenant pas assez en compte le potentiel des forêts comme réservoirs de carbone et en négligeant les efforts effectués par l’agriculture depuis 1990 (baisse des émissions de CO2 de 24 %).\nL’annonce récente de la sortie des États-Unis de la COP21 risque de charger la France, comme d’autres États, d’un poids financier plus important que prévu.\nCe rapport plébiscite des relations internationales post-nationales et un écologisme financiarisé que je ne peux soutenir.\nJ'ai voté CONTRE."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[932] "Ich habe mich meiner Stimme enthalten, da zwar die Ziele des Berichts hinsichtlich der Verringerung von CO2-Ausstoß bis zum Jahr 2030 sehr positiv sind, jedoch die Umstellung auf E-Mobilität, besonders im Fernverkehr, schwer umsetzbar und somit problematisch ist."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[933] "Ich habe mich meiner Stimme enthalten, da die Bedeutung der nachhaltigen Entwicklung und des Artenschutzes zum Aufstocken des Budgets zu Lasten der Mitgliedstaaten sowie der Beitrag von LIFE zum Pariser Abkommen mit seinem Emissionszertifikate-Handelssystem in keinem Verhältnis zueinander stehen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[934] "Die Überarbeitung der ILO-Verordnung beinhaltet eine neue zentrale Koordinierung und die Optimierung der Inanspruchnahme von Verbindungsbeamten für Einwanderungsfragen einschließlich neuer europäischer Verbindungsbeamter in Drittländern. Da die EU jedoch seit 2014 keine notwendigen rechtlichen Schritte in Bezug auf illegale Migration gesetzt hat und zusätzlich die Europäische Grenz- und Küstenwache personell auf 10 000 Mann aufgestockt wird, habe ich aufgrund der fehlenden Notwendigkeit diesen Bericht abgelehnt."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[935] "Grundsätzlich haben eine nachhaltige Entwicklung und der Artenschutz große Bedeutung. Es ist jedoch unverhältnismäßig, wenn man das Aufstocken des Budgets zulasten der Mitgliedstaaten betrachtet, sowie auch den Beitrag von LIFE zum Pariser Abkommen mit seinem Emissionszertifikate-Handelssystem. Deshalb habe ich mich bei diesem Bericht enthalten."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[936] "Die Forderung des Berichterstatters sind strenge CO2-Standards. CO2-Emissionen von Lastwagen sollen stark gesenkt werden (bis zum Jahr 2025 um 20 %, bis 2030 um 35 %). Die Forderung geht sogar über den Vorschlag der Europäischen Kommission hinaus (bis zum Jahr 2025 um 15 %, bis 2030 um 30 %). Bisher gelten die Vorgaben der EU zur Reduktion nur für Pkw und leichte Nutzfahrzeuge, nun sollen jedoch auch Lkw die Vorgaben einhalten.\nIch lehne diesen Bericht ab, da der Berichterstatter sehr unrealistische Ziele verfolgt. Selbst wenn die Vorgaben auch für Lkw gelten, bietet dies keine Gewähr, dass sich die CO2-Emissionen verringern. Die Zielvorgaben der Reduktion beruhen auf einer unzureichenden Datenbasis und sind zu streng. Zusätzlich sind die Strafzahlungen unverhältnismäßig hoch und widersprechen daher auch EU-Recht."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[937] "COP24 in Katowice strebt ein Regelwerk für die Ziele des Pariser Abkommens an, das ein hohes Maß an Transparenz und solide, verbindliche Vorschriften für alle Parteien vorschreibt, um Fortschritte genau zu messen und das Vertrauen zwischen den Parteien, die am internationalen Prozess beteiligt sind, zu stärken.\nEuropas Verantwortung besteht nicht darin, sein Zehntel der Weltemissionen so weit abzusenken, dass die Klimaerwärmung gestoppt wird. Das ist nicht leistbar. Seine Mission ist es, den globalisierungsfähigen Blueprint eines klimaverträglichen Wirtschaftsmodells zu liefern. Nur so ist die für das Pariser Klimaabkommen erforderliche Hebelwirkung zu erzielen.\nDaher habe ich mich meiner Stimme enthalten."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[938] "Der Vorschlag, neue schwere Nutzfahrzeuge, genauso wie bereits Pkw und Transporter, zu zertifizieren und auf CO2-Emissionen und ihren Kraftstoffverbrauch zu überwachen, stößt auf meine Zustimmung, da dadurch genauere Statistiken erstellt und verlässlichere Daten gesammelt werden können. Nichtsdestotrotz müssen die Zertifizierung und die Überwachung laut Berichterstatter getrennt voneinander behandelt werden, und es müssen auch weitere Veränderungen noch abgestimmt und durchgeführt werden. Aus diesem Grund habe ich dafür gestimmt."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[939] "Die Einbeziehung des LULUCF-Sektors in die Klimaschutzpolitik der Europäischen Union ab 2021 ist ein begrüßenswerter Bestandteil für eine zukunftsorientierte Klimapolitik. Dies allerdings im Korsett des Pariser Abkommens und dem damit verbundenen Zertifikathandel ist abzulehnen.\nUm den LULUCF-Sektor im Vergleich zu den anderen Sektoren im laufenden (und abzulehnenden) europäischen Klimaschutz-Prozess allerdings nicht zu benachteiligen, müssen Vorleistungen (Verringerung der Emissionen seit 1990 um 24 %) angerechnet, ein klarer Unterschied zwischen fossilen und biogenen Treibhausgasen gemacht sowie der Substitutionseffekt von Bioenergie und Bioökonomie anerkannt werden."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[940] "Der Berichterstatter begrüßt den Zugang der Kommission, stellt aber klar, dass ein klarer Unterschied zwischen der Zertifizierung und der Überwachung von Schwertransportern gemacht werden muss, und nur erster soll die Produzenten von Schwertransportern betreffen.\nEs wird zudem gefordert, dass das vorgestellte Überwachungs- bzw. Zertifizierungsmodell transparenter gemacht werden muss. Daher habe ich für den Bericht gestimmt."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[941] "Laut Berichterstatterin werden die Auswirkungen des Klimawandels von Frauen und Männern unterschiedlich wahrgenommen. Frauen sind laut Bericht gefährdeter und würden aus diversen Gründen größeren Risiken und Hürden gegenüberstehen, die von einem ungleichen Zugang zu Ressourcen, Bildung, Beschäftigungsmöglichkeiten und Landrechten bis hin zu gesellschaftlichen und kulturellen Normen und den vielfältigen Querschnittserfahrungen von Frauen reichen. Eine wirksame Klimapolitik sollte die wichtigsten Faktoren herausarbeiten und diese mit entsprechender Priorisierung angehen. Die Priorisierung der Genderperspektiven wird den Klimawandel nicht stoppen. Daher habe ich den Bericht abgelehnt."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[942] "Ich habe dafür gestimmt, da die Zusammenlegung des Emissionshandelssystems der EU und der Schweiz gewährleistet, dass die gleichen Bedingungen für beide Handelspartner bestehen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[943] "Die Einbeziehung des LULUCF-Sektors in die Klimaschutzpolitik der Europäischen Union ab 2021 ist ein begrüßenswerter Bestandteil für eine zukunftsorientierte Klimapolitik. Dies ist allerdings im Korsett des Pariser Abkommens und des damit verbundenen Zertifikathandels abzulehnen.\nUm den LULUCF-Sektor im Vergleich zu den anderen Sektoren im laufenden (und abzulehnenden) europäischen Klimaschutzprozess allerdings nicht zu benachteiligen, müssen Vorleistungen (Verringerung der Emissionen seit 1990 um 24%) angerechnet, ein klarer Unterschied zwischen fossilen und biogenen Treibhausgasen gemacht und der Substitutionseffekt von Bioenergie und Bioökonomie anerkannt werden. Daher habe ich mich meiner Stimme enthalten."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[944] "Ich habe diesen Bericht abgelehnt, da er den Handel von Energiezertifikaten unterstützt, wodurch lediglich Gelder innerhalb Europas umverteilt werden. Um die Umwelt nachhaltig und sinnvoll zu schützen, müssen erneuerbare Energien gefördert und konkrete Ziele gesetzt werden."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[945] ". ‒ The DPP-Delegation voted against this report in the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs (LIBE) in January, because it was too prescriptive and all about creating safe and legal pathways to the EU. However, the compromise with the Council is fundamentally different. The language on legal pathways is greatly reduced and language assistance for return operations included, a change that is welcomed by the DPP. Nevertheless, following the fact that the DPP is of the opinion that the EU should stay away from migration policy and therefore opposes this draft regulation as a matter of principle, it decided to abstain in the end."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[946] ". ‒ The DPP-Delegation voted against this report for two main reasons. Firstly, the report connects climate change with migration, and calls for the EU to take the lead in demanding more rights for climate refugees. The DPP rejects the direct link between climate change and the migration crisis. Many scientific studies have been conducted on climate displacement and none of them can draw a direct link between climate change and migration. In other words, the relationship between climate change and migration is scientifically contested. It is namely highly questionable whether climate impacts (e.g. drought, floods, and food and water scarcity) are a significant reason for people to migrate outside of their own region. When environmental disasters happen, people do not necessarily go very far. And if they do, then usually there is another driver that is really making them go far away from their home country, such as war, ethnic violence and economic factors. Secondly, the report calls for increased climate diplomacy-related spending, specifying climate-related spending of at least 30%."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[947] "The DPP-Delegation voted against this report, which makes a strong link between climate change and the migration crisis. Many scientific studies have been conducted on climate displacement and it is the case that none of them can draw a direct link between climate change and migration. In other words, the relationship between climate change and migration is scientifically contested. It is namely highly questionable whether climate impacts (e.g. drought, floods, and food and water scarcity) are a significant reason for people to migrate outside of their own region. When environmental disasters happen, people do not necessarily go very far. And if they do, then usually there is another driver that is really making them go far away from their home country, such as war, ethnic violence and economic factors."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
> 